reseated cable on receipt printer reg 06 tested and device is fully operational
SCO was showing coin acceptor offline error.  Reseated coin acceptor and cables and rebooted SCO.  Tested all functions.
ln 1 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good
lane 3 scale condemned by county tested good with no issue
lane 3 scale condemned by county. calibrated and tested good with with no further issue
ln 4 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
ln 5 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
lane 6 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
lane 7 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
They were saying how it would run cash payments but the first through fourth card the debit reader would freeze saying processing. I called level 2 and explained the work previously so he got on the phone with field support and they found some bad files and bad settings. They corrected it and had me do the reboot.
CE troubleshoot and found that monitor not powering up. CE spoke with Walmart HD representative who advised CE to close the ticket because it is customer responsibility to order monitor. CE will close this ticket.
printer port was damaged. I repaired the port. the printer tested ok
checked unit, ran test txn, no issues observed. this issue was corrected 04/23 on task 8111318784. brought Team Lead Nicole to register, ran txns, she verified register working fine. I notified her this issue was corrected on 04/23.
Found handscaner not scanning in Jewelry Department, register 59. Powered off handscaner, rebooted register. Performed test purchase without issues.
Upon arrival action 18 to refresh configuration on reg 67.  rebooted the debit reader. Powered off register and power drained. Rebooted register and verified transaction with no freezes. Verified working properly by team lead Jolene
no fault found
the penny hopper had way too many coins inside. I suggested the store to remove these because its almost overflowed
checked in with team lead Karen. power drained the scale and reboot the sco with run add. once up tested scales ability to weigh and scan. all tests passed sco up with mo faults.
cleaned tle logic
Found a damaged nickel jammed in hopper exit.  Cleared jam and tested BCR.
hopper sensor disty causing errors
unit stayed on for over 30 minutes.  worked with lvl2 and tested with 2 different associate.
ok on arrival. done light cleaning.
cable was disconnected. plugged in contacted lvl2 and pushed update.unit tested ok.
Cleared debri from BCR, Singulator belt, coin acceptor and chute. Reset BCR and terminal. Verified working. Supervisor Sonya tested successfully with no issues.
Setup ADD to run. Re-powered sco to reset/update firmware. Test ok.
replaced CC reader on 4/24... CC reader is working as intended... cleaned and tested
Was called out to this site to troubleshoot an offline scanner scale model 7879-2000, it turned out that the unit only needs to be rebooted, however the scanner skill also had a media Jam in the coin diverter which way is causing it to have problems with cash handling, of course. I cleared out that blockage, and will soon test all components in PML before testing with customer transactions. upon reboot I found that the handheld scanner firmware update stalls the entire reboot of the register, I contacted the help desk to see if they had any suggestions and they just said, well, I'm sorry reseeding the cable and then will clear the firmware and try rebooting one more time. this was enough to get the register to boot properly all systems online. Thanks all!
replaced defective coin hopper   reset unit   tested and returned to service
cleared jammed escalator belt.
Reseated HHS battery and verified operation in training mode
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 4. ran tests in training mode and was successful
Cleared jam and fault test ok
mp6200 cable unplugged.  turned off register and reseated value and reboot lane.  tested working fine now.  verifies with manager Alberto
cleared debris,  resolved
arrived and powered up register.  It booted up and came up to connecting to POS.  then it went to shutting down and booting up again.  checked ethernet connection and there were no lights.  no connection.  called help desk and was told the issue is being sent to network.
hand scanner had bag on it. tested woth cashier. scanned more than 10 times and working fine. showed csm susan
"busy location.
inspected the cash dispenser and cleaned the sensors. reset and tested ok with a customer's cash transaction. updated TL Marian."
Complete Task
found unit with spine error.  checked and found one belt off tracks and returned it. tested
Cleaned debit reader and verified operation in training mode with no issues
cleaned Card Dip/Swipe reader. TESTED working properly
CSM FRANCISCO, RAP REGISTER 52, SCALE IS OFF AND NO PAPER IN PRINTER. CLEARED SCALE AND ZEROED, LOADED PAPER IN PRINTER, DOUBLE DUMPED, TESTED GOOD
Replace and configure debit card reader. ADD  reboot. Test. Process Return.
I received it the cable from the core to the scales rebooted the unit then the manager came back and asked me on was explaining that all weekend that the self checkout was freezing up on transactions I called level two stabilization and they instructed me to swap out the debit card reader once I did that that resolved the issues
Cleaned unit was in operation both before and after arrival with live transactions witnessed.
site advised jam was cleared by site prior to arrival, no fault found
hand scanner not synced. ran add ,tested successfully
sco powered down,  power on, cleaned very dirty sco and tested ok
whole unit - receipt printer was printing faded receipts throughout the receipt cleaned and it continued to print faded replaced receipt printer and tested good
reseated cables on scale then booted up lane. Reads live weight and scans on both planes.
Sensors blocked by debris. Wiped blowout and rebooted terminal. Functioning properly.
New printer needed. P/N 877-030-4540 showing available with W11.
Found register locking up when trying to cash a payroll check. Printer has already been replaced. Called HD and they reconfigured the controller for this register and hand me performe a double dump. Rebooted register and requested to Team Lead Tanya to test next time a customer requests to cash a payroll check.
Handheld scanner wasn't scanning. Powered register down, reseated cables, and powered register up. After power up scanner tested good. Unit in service.
No faul found. sco in service on arrival.
No faults on unit.
Performed CADD script program and hard reset scannerscale, unit tested fine no other issues present please check remote logs for confirmation.
cleaned tope module. fixed belt at input. watch customers use
ce didn't find any issues with the bill and coins the issue was the scale not weighing correctly ce reseated cable runs add started lane and test after unit tested good.
Ordered cassette to my default next day!
arrived on site and hand scanner was not attached to unit. looks like it had fallen off and someone had unplugged it. pugged hand scanner back in and restarted unit. during rwboot placed hand scanner on base would not hold charge. unplugged and rebooted system to get it back online. suspending ticket and ordering a new hand scanner but will also need new screws to mount base back to the side of the sco.
no fault found, observed multiple live cash transactions with no issues. site had just finished filling up cash media before arrival. all devices tests good.
When I arrived on site self check out it was working properly no fault found
CE proactively cleaned the MSR on POS 73
adjusted the mounting bracket for the card reader on reg 7. bracket is secure
Replaced the debit reader and updated com ports
cleaned and removed coins
cleaned the card reader and chip reader
Ordering a preloaded hard drive with PN 8770305405
reseated cables and Reset unit test ok
rap 52 has link light but not showing on hand held. restarted logic once up handheld working now.
CSM FRANCISCO,  REGISTER 6 HAS A U006 PRINTER ERROR.  PRINTER NOT CONNECTED AND OUT OF PAPER,  POWERED REGISTER DOWN, CONNECTED PRINTER AND LOADED PAPER, DOUBLE DUMPED, TESTED GOOD. CSM FRANCISCO
Found a coin jam at the entry of the coin acceptor, cleared the jam and tested with no issues
rezeroed scanner and adjusted base
Checked network cable and port, ok. Reseated cables, Power off , Rebooted with ADD.  SCO is up and selling.
Replaced faulty receipt printer at sco 33 to resolve jamming issues.
reg 2 running slow, needed reboot of system and double dump cache cleared.
No trouble found. Repaired on 4/24
replaced debit
replaced BNR
cleaned layaway
cleaned card reader and chip reader.
bnr had a $5 jammed in exit shutter. removed, cleaned and  reassembled bnr and tested no issues. returned to service with no faults
ok on arrival,  tested ok
Remounted payment terminal to mount. Unit in service.
checked pin pad,scale, scanner everything working normally.
card reader not reading chips, replaced and tested fine
cleaned card reader and chip reader.
Ln 47 in full operations upon arrival.  observed customer use and tested operations.  TL Roberta confirmed
unable to reach site. Vehicle problem
replaced register 93 debit reader twice after confirming with Teresa qhich one she intended to call in and that it failed to read chip cards, the first one installed also failed to read chip cards, tested 2nd one ok
Hen scanner lights were coming on when trigger is depressed however not scanning items. And the light was erratic. Unplug let sit for one minute plug back in performed 3 tests flawlessly. Scanner is working correctly now. Issue resolved.
Ordering new hand scanner and  cable. hand scanner 4970434419 cable 8770303917 To  East Brunswick  Fedex
arrived on site and checked in with CSM Josh. inspector self checkout 48th and found that the coin count was incorrect showing that all levels were normal however there were no dimes in the coin Hopper. adjusted the coin counts and had Joshfill the machine, testedgood.
Unable to duplicate
adjusted the locking brackets for scanner scale on reg 1. tested successfully
Found two coins inside note recycler.  removed coins and cleaned GSR50.
a69: No fault found
replaced pinpad. now it works
Check the Terminal. Re-seated the HHS. Charged and Paired the HHS. Reset the Register. Test the Handheld Scanner, Ok!
sco 28 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 29 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 30 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 31 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
found scanner scale is working fine it weights and scans fine. tested.
Performed a double dump and reassigned register unit tested fine no other issues present
Reset scanner scale. weight and scanning restored
cleared note jam and reset module
Reseated and tested with mgr.  SCO 43 HHS fully functional.  Scanner and HHS scan properly.
REMOVED HEAD UNIT, CLEANED SPINE AND ALL BELTS, GEARS. CLEANED ALL OPTICAL SENSORS ON HEAD UNIT AND DOWN THROUGH RECYCLERS. WRROR CLEARED AND TESTED FINE
markings in the center of the paper. cleaned and tested operational
hhs battery cap fixed on lane 23
cadd files reinstalled on lane 14
cleared an onion peel from the avalanche sensor light bar.  machine fully operational and returned to service without fault
I cleaned the sensors in the cash box and the top module.  reset the gsr50 and tested by dispensing notes and depositing them back without issue. as soon as a customer tried to use the terminal the note box full error came back.  suspended to order new cashbox
arrived and found out in use.  checked out BCR and found nothing damaged.  checked out good.
Rebooted RAP. Ping ok per HD
replaced signature capture reloaded debit application tested with customer updated firmware
sco 37 site 3320 investigated  found error x= 1y=1 x=10, y=2. found jam in singulator  belt. not allowing  singulator motor  to run. clreard jam tested BCR accepted and dispensed coins correctly. notified associate Dilan
sco 32 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
Arrived on site,  unit was without fault  operational
sco 33 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 34 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 35 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
printer is working just fine no issue found
site self resolved. no fault found. tested  good.
replaced then tested and passed
reseated cabled to scanner scale ran all add and rebooted then tested.
no one could tell me what was wrong. restarted machine. tested it. all works. no physical damage
Cleaned printhead and tested good
replaced hand scanner cable which attaches to 7878 scanner/scale. confirmed good operation of scanner after swap.
upon arrival found scanner/scale on reg05 was not scanning or weighing.  reset unit, now functions fine.  however, due to store saying that unit will only work for about an hour after reset, helpdesk had me swap unit with the one on reg03 to see if it is a logic issue or a scanner/scale issue.  store will call, if issue arises again
Ping network port for rap station 52, tested lane site all good
Suspending for parts. Head unit will have to be replaced due to infeed belt too loose to grab bills.
checked in with lead Emily. she reported reg 76 scanner scale isn't scanning items. scanner shows U5 code and LEDs blink red but scanner/scales weighs and scans items. called HD and spoke with Mina after troubleshooting  we spoke with Zebra and they recommended replacing the whole unit. refer to ticket number: 2151881. ordering PN:  2881052972 and 2881053213
O14- Arrived onsite and chk'd in w/ASSOC MONICA and TL ABEL to investigate reported problem Reg 12 ISC250 both MSR and ICC slots are not reading cards. Monica was checking out customers on reg 12 on arrival. Was surprised to see lane up and functioning and asked her about functionality. She said lane had been working fine all morning without any debit reader issues. Spoke w/TL ABEL who told me device failed to take customer's cards 3 times in a row yesterday and all cards worked on other registers. Suggested it may have been some sort of temp network issue that has been resolved. He agreed and okayed to close ticket. They will call in another is problem reappears. Chk'd out w/ASSOC MONICA.
plugged in cable to reg. restarted reg. will test tomorrow.
SCO 37 BNR is not resetting after CE removed 2 quarters from infeed of module. CE ordering new BNR to palm springs FedEx same day.  PN 497-0523042
in catds only. I ts and found a coin jam in diverter. cleared and tested good afterwards. all operational.
Found transport belt off of roller/ pulley on BNR spine. Placed belt on roller / pulley and performed test purchase without issues.
Piece if note stuck in bundler. Removed, rebooted, and tested good
found Optiplex 7010 will not power up. reach helpdesk and they are ordering new device straight to store and will generate new ticket when device gets onsite. closing ticket as instructed. notified CSM.
Replaced debit reader and configured new one and fixed issue confirmed after testing.
duplicate ticket from what I was working
pm
reseated printer and tested it successfully
Replace defective pin pad
No fault found and the SCO was working fine upon arrival there, tested it through a complete transaction and successfully passed
On arrival noticed lane 6 customer display for scanner scale was not displaying. Reseated cable into scanner scale and tested and displaying properly.
PM
issue not with printer but with walmart software, error occurs before endorsement
unit was working when arrived onsite must of fixed there self did go in and run test to ensure operational
checked in with CSM, scanner scale offline, power scanner scale, issue persisted, reboot with add, tested, tested good
no link lights on NIC. opened port. lane connected no issues. watched several transactions. advised team lead Zarinah
no problem upon arrival  tested
I replaced the control board and the input/output chute. I ran diagnostics and all tests passed.
Troubleshoot. Run Diags and Reset GSR50. Clean and blow out SCO.run add.reboot SCO.run diags.Test and verify all good. Update and check out with TL Hunter
Replaced defective payment terminal and tested fine no other issues present please check remote logs for confirmation.
SCO #39 keeps rebooting when scanner triggered. Called BVHD  and found reboot loop. cleared file and rebooted to same issue. BVHD said to suspend and order/repkace hard drive 8770305405
Tested and troubleshot  with tech support,  both units back online
Replaced debit reader. Got configurations done. Tested good I service.
tested all ok
cleared paper jam
Cleaned and tested the Reader. Found no issues. Observed 12 customers use the Debit function while onsite.
rerouted to critical call
replaced debit reader
Found sco transacting on arrival. Per Wanda, SCO has had no issues today. Watched several transactions and successful.
SCOT37 found dime wedging coin reject flap open removed and tested verified operational by Team Lead Regan
spoke with frontend coach/Jenny and lanes running normal. called hdesk/Alec and he believes update may have slowed it.
Onnarrivlz found SCO 48 booted to the desktop.Called WN HD. they Remotely issued an software update to the SCO. after update SCO returned to service with no faults.
reset the unit. test the scale. test good. called the helpdesk and support. looks like it working for now
Walmart SSCO R6L+ lane 6. BCR. No fault found upon arrival, the store had an issue with cash management and was able to resolve it prior to my arrival. The unit was up and in use and ringing transactions.
cleared coins from singlelator chute,  tested checked ok
replaced card reader
Printer was printing very faded. Cleaned print head, slightly better but still faded. Replaced printer and tested.
Recycler cassette 1 showed a jam. Ran reset and jam cleared. Reset two more times with no issue. Placed in full cash and card usage.
replaced debit reader
reseated printer and tested it successfully
sco 48 site 1041 Investigated found printer F309 was printing faded receipts. repaired by clearing debris in cuttings  area and cleaned rollers in exit transport. tested with print diagnostics  in pml. tested printed receipts successfully see attachments. notified associate Evelyn, she approved.
removed debris
Configured bios as per bulletin. Rebooted SCOT and tested ok. Spoke2 Doty.
Replaced defective handheld scanner
Replaced debit reader.
pm
replaced PC and tested unit
order debit
REDIRECTED BY FSC
lane 55 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
rap 52 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
replaced debit reader tested working good now
receipt printer was printing faded receipts cleaned tested Operational
Walmart SSCO R6L+ lane 8. BCR. No fault found upon arrival, the store had an issue with cash management a d was able to resolve it prior to my arrival. The unit was up and in use and ringing transactions.
Checked cables and rebooted it.  Came back up. scanning and weighing good
installed new 8178 hand scanner on sco 97
Lane was stuck on a black screen and the desktop. Called support and after a long while they were able to get the lane to load and customers were able to use it. Spoke 2 Stephanie Academy Trainer
on site and replaced card reader. tested ok.
when arrive self-checkout turn off do to rebooting constantly,  called Walmart help desk in Tech troubleshot network port and SCO was able to get online after. Team lead Shantal.
Reset SCO scale online worki g as it should
dirty paper sensor cleaned printer and rebooted printer
Ordering replacement handle, awaiting shipment...
the hhs was working upon my arrival, I watched customers use it with no issue
sco 59 did not have a bnr jam error, talked to csm and she said the machine didn't let her input coins, an error about a belt
The land was jamming bills at random times, cleaned the sensor's verified the belt and tested with no issues
problem was bnr cleared jamm tested aok verified aok with mod
Replaced payment terminal for SCO 11, loaded configuration per Walmart HD, rebooted SCO, tested with customer transactions and worked fine.  Walmart contact, Stephanie, mgr
lane 49, replaced the pin pad and tested
debit reader was working and in use when I arrived onsite. per tl ruth, the debit reader is functioning properly, other than having an issue accepting discount cards. I advised her to call field support for that issue
sco was in service with intermittent pin pad. replaced pin pad initialized.  tested it with live transaction and is operational
replaced defective dr and confirmed operational
replace debit Reno Lane 45 and test functionality
cleaned printer and tested. printed and cut multiple times without issue. also watched multiple customers use with no issue with receipt. was also out of cash and could not test any other parts of sco. up in cards only at this time.
printer replacement
Arrived onsite and rerouted the hand scanner cable from the ebox to the scanner scale,  used the F17 barcode, performed several tests to confirm working.  replaced the cover plate that shields the reciept printer due to it being physically damaged.  replaced and tested good
o18- ssco 49- Found quarter with plastic ring stuck to it wedged in coin hopper exit.  Extracted coin and had to reboot system to exit Cards Only mode.  Tested and unit is now operational
Port needed to be re opened
Cable team will be dispatched for cable issue.
replaced debit reader
checked in with CSM, scanner scale not weighing items, power cycled scale, issue persisted, flagpole display unplugged, reseated cabling, reboot pos and calibrated scale. Scale tested within tolerance
adjusted coin acceptor on BCR to correct problem
O21 sco 44 was off on arrival. ce found no link lights. ce used toner tracer to active port again sco is booting up with no issues
cleaned out card reader on lane 33 tested good
Replaced the ISC 250 card reader of register #67. The replacement card reader is fully functioning now as tested by store associate Maria
Checked in with Manager Laquita, handheld scanner for register missing, she stated that it cannot be found and agreed to charge for replacement no returnable, tested DS8178 handheld scanning successfully, no further issues found
Checked in with Manager Laquita, handheld scanner for register missing, she stated that it cannot be found and agreed to charge for replacement no returnable, tested DS8178 handheld scanning successfully, no further issues found
Check the Terminal. Re-seated the HHS. Charged and Paired the HHS. Reset the Register. Test the Handheld Scanner, Ok!
Printer not cutting reciept, replaced and rebooted,  watched customers run transactions with no issues.
SCO 48 BCR showing divert gate open error.  CE removed a small piece of balled up receipt paper jammed in the 8 way divider.  CE also removed a sticky customer coupon jammed in the singulator track belt, blocking sensor.  CE removed dust and debris from the entire BCR, reset the control board, all errors were cleared, reset the device in PML, tested ok in PML.  The BCR is now online, accepting and dispensing coins with no errors, tested ok, repairs and functionality were verified by store CSM, Robin Spurgeon.
spoke with frontend coach/Jenny and lanes running normal. called hdesk/Alec and he believes update may have slowed it.
spoke with frontend coach/Jenny and lanes running normal. called hdesk/Alec and he believes update may have slowed it.
Dr was showing alert interrupted. teplaced DR and tested with no issues. sco back in service
part pick up locally
isc250 was not reading cards cleaned tested still same issue replaced isc250 on sco configure tested Operational
sco35 bnr jam error cleared after cleaning
No issues on arrival. Scanner is scanning and reading.
power cable being diconnected when hood raised  Reseat cabling
Adjusted scanner scale on lane 46, unit is online weighing and scanning ok.
kiosk 32 had no issue of freezing or being slow. I checked the card reader just in case but it worked fine. associate said a few days ago it wouldn't feed receipt paper, likely the real issue, but it fed paper fine for me
clean and test sna ok. place lane in service
Replace defective pin pad
I cleared the jam and tested with CSM Karla
replaced isc250 and tested good.
SCO 49 scanner/scale offline error. SCO power cycled and scanner/scale connections reseated. SCO operational.
replace debit reader
no issues found on BCR, lane up and in full service on arrival
adjusted note acceptor reg44 , tested
Reseated the hand held scanner battery and cable then restarted the POS register #45. The register and its peripherals are fully functioning now as attested by store associate Emily
replaced def pin pad tested with Wendy
suspending to order a new harddrive.  Helpdesk sent updates 2 times and he recommends a new harddrive.  Will not let associate into cash Management
checked in with lead Emily. she reported reg 76 scanner scale isn't scanning items. scanner shows U5 code and LEDs blink red but scanner/scales weighs and scans items. called HD and spoke with Mina after troubleshooting  we spoke with Zebra and they recommended replacing the whole unit. refer to ticket number: 2151881. ordering PN:  2881052972 and 2881053213
replaced acanner/scale and calibrated scale. sent in PSR to Dave and county. confirmed with Rosemary
ran diagnostics on GSR50 main module, clean it. no error everything working.
Found sco in fully functional modes. Cleaned everything and successful. Watched several transactions and successful.
scanned firmware upgrade tag for handheld scanner did reboot on unit and tested unit is back up and running
Upon arrival the sco was in card only due to a error. There was no error on the coin acceptor. So I tested the coin chute but it was working fine. I did inform the manager that the counts in the system if off. Than I returned the unit to service
Cleared media/degree tested unit site all good
Duplicate call
Check the Terminal. Re-seated the HHS. Charged and Paired the HHS. Reset the Register. Test the Handheld Scanner, Ok!
SCO 47 was not accepting coins. checked recycler and found a jammed dime keeping the recycler door opens. all coins were being rejected. blew out BCR and BNR. tested by depositing coins. everything tested good.
reseated scanner scale and tested it successfully
Coin hopper not snapped together properly. Coins were escaping from the bottom on to tray. Disassembled hopper. Snapped it together correctly. Reloaded coins. Tested dispense of 16 coins successfully. Tested acceptance of 16 coins successfully.
problem was bcr cleared jamm tested aok verified aok with mod
clear jammed coins at escalator exit. cleared jammed coins in 8 way diverter. cleaned bcr. performed 3 good dispense and accept tests. unit in service.
Cleared a large number of coins jammed at the eagle coin acceptor and the coin exit chute. Reseated the reject tab on the eagle coin acceptor and cleaned the sensor. Tested by inserting the jammed coins back into the bcr with no further issues. Checked on the Fujitsu gsr50 for any issues and found bin 1 sensor in the cash box assembly to have an error. Bin 1 sensor showed an amber light with &quot;warn, 30&quot; message indicating a dirty sensor. Air dusted and wiped down the BIN 1 sensor in the cashbox and reset the faults. Tested and verified there are no further issues at this time. Sco is back up and running.
$20 cassette physical damage,  dime hopper pin bent. repaired and tested, working
cleared 25 cent hopper cleaned sensor coins still springing out when dispensed tested with live transaction and verified dispensing quarters without jamming
cleared piece of bill from singulator exit sensor. tested and now working
clean coin transfer Sutter jam and chuck then reboot hole unit working fine tested by manager krisa
no fault found scot 49, unit operating without coins in recycler
cleaned and adjusted bcr tested in pml fully operational
arrived to site, found multiple Coins Jammed in the exit chute, disassemble housing to get to the rotary belt Jam, and coin chute.  cleared all jams, calibrate touch screen and rebooted Lane. when lane  came back into service all errors were cleared.  lane is back in service.
sco wasn't recognizing bnr. ran ADD twice and tested
markings in the center of the paper. cleaned and tested operational
SCO 43  Freezes only when mgr goes into authorize functions all other are good Cleaned cpu fan and reset memory  Called Walmart help desk  look at SCO 43,  they check settings and clear cache they sent down a reboot they ask to leave lane on for updarte
hand scanner not reading barcodes reseaded battery tested Operational
Upon arrival the sco was running but I had to clean the hopper out due to the perivous errors. Once they were clean I returned it to service.
72 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
not accepting 100 bills
ln 71scale condemned by county  calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 46 reported to have bcr fault exit hopper. lane fully open when I arrived. watched multiple customer cash transactions with no faults
clean unit test ok, add, reboot
reconfigured &amp; restarted by Marko Mimic, great job! test sale successful.
tested and working upon arrival
lane 51. inspect, found power turned off to belt, turn on and test - ok.
cleaned and tested okay
Inspected unit detecting DR showing Alert Interruption error, powered off SCO and replaced Debit Reader,  rebooted SCO and after brought SCO back to service tested successfully.  SCO is up and operational.
unit was up and being useed with no problem or showing an errors at on the lane or debit reader
intermittent DR failure.  replaced DR, email L2 to configure port and reboot.  test DR with customer transaction, successful, repair complete
ingenico not showing alert irruption, but appeared to be frozen. restarted sco. ingenico received an update and powered. ingenico tested good. unit in service.
in use at arrival. no faults,
Complete Task
unit fully operational upon arrival.  cleaned and inspected card reader assy. ran numerous card reads.  all tests good no defects noted.  returned unit to service
replaced dr
found no issue with dr on arrival. watched multiple customers use debit cards on sco
replaced dr, tested good with card transaction
no fault found on lane 51. tested ams lane is working fine.
Replaced debit reader
DR showing alert irruption. Call suspended to order new DR. Will follow up upon receipt of part.
no fault found card reader was working just fine
I was told the card reader was having an alert interruption.  however, I did not see it when I arrived but the store had already taken card payments offline.  I went ahead and replaced the card reader and tested upon coming back online.  Tested good. returned to service.
audit to be preformed. Dimes and nickles are out but logic thinks there are coins in the bins. tested good spoke to madchen csm.
dirty coins recycler got cleaned
payment terminal is working. cleaned
Cleared jammed bill at the note validator. Cleaned notes paths and sensors.  Restarted the applications. Tested actual cash transactions. Verified by Team Lead Martha.
Cleaned slots on payment terminal with a cleaning card, reseated cabling, and rebooted SCO. Tested fine with a live transaction. Checked out with Arleen.
sco 43 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 44scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further issues
sco 45 scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
power drained the scanner scale and reboot sco with add. once sco came up tested the scanner scale by scanning multiple items and weighing. all tests passed. checked out with team lead Karen.
scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
scale condemned by county calibrated and tested good with no further
checked unit with Team Lead Ellen. ran a test cc txn, processed correctly, no problems reading cc. test was verified by Ellen.
reseated touchscreen cable and was able to sign on using the screen.
cleaned up the isc250 with multiple card cleaners, tested the card reader in training mode and it is operational. card reader in service.
Reseated cable tested good
replaced Customer display
printer ribbon was jammed due to running a check with a staple in it. cleared debris and adjusted ribbon. tested good. spoke to madchen csm.
Network port had to be bounced to bring online. No errors.
ordering lcd
upon arrival found sco44 in cards and cash mode.   ask associate she stated it has not failed since 10am today.  check with coach Ron, stated Kody found error when taking unit out of cards only mode.   unable to duplicate error,  performed 2 cash transactions,  unit working properly NFF
replace hard drive on 46. scale offline message.
bnr belts adjusted
The hand scanner was not scanning items. Reseated the cable and rebooted the register. After the reboot, was able to scan multiple items during a transaction
found that entry flap was not opening because it had a sticky substance on it. cleaned entry chute, validator and bcr, tested and passed
Arrived on site and unit is in cash mode &amp; accepting coins. verified with CSM/TL who placed call. Was instructed to close ticket, CSM/TL stated they fixed it. Advised them next time to cancel their call.  CSM/TL: Marcos
us143w59 on arrival printer was working fine and no physical damage to the device, looks fairly new. employees said it has been working fine for a while saying they rebooted it when it stopped working and it has been fine since. advised if happens again will replace.
tested all ok.
no fault found on arrival
no jam found, both belts spinning freely
replaced defective receipt printer on reg 92 in customer service  rebooted and tested device is fully operational per associate Audrey
had to work on fascia area that was causing paper to jam on exit. after making adjustments testes multiple times with associate nathaniel and had no further issues. also watched multiple customers use sco without issue. sco in service
Found no damage. Tested with gest transactions and successful.
printer failed to communicate with the register. I tried to repair. it didn't work. replaced new printer. it worked.
Replaced printer and rebooted terminal. Tested and all OK. Spoke2 Lida.
REPLACED PRINTER AND TESTED SYSTEM.
printer cover not aligned cotrrectly realigned and tested
scanner was offline. did troubleshooting, I tried to reseat the usb cable then reprogram it. reboot lane, it worked.
powered down register. replaced printer test transaction with a debit card and check successful-resolved
printer funtioning fine
Reg 8 is up and in service and doing transactions.  It is a SCO not a POS.
when I arrived reg 94 had the error of printer is failing, the printer was turned off, so j turned it back on the rebooted the reg to see if error still occured
tr160001 reseat PM all adjust align reload test in training mode
arrived on site and checked in with the CSM. Replace defective debit reader on register six and tested good after reboot
the unit couldn't find the bookable source. the unit reset it self. I saw no link lights and trace the network cable. found that the network cable was disconnected. plug the cable back in and had link light and started to load everything. test the unit. everything is good.
put belts back on spine.
**RESET HHS, RESEAT BATTERY+BASE CABLE, CHARGED HHS, TEST SCAN: NO ERRORS**
cleaned both coin and note acceptor no errors in pml
reebooted pc and screen came back
duplicate call for rap station
register was not booting due to controller issue
PC is not connected to network due to lack of available wall Jack. instructed pharmacist to contact market manager to get an additional line installed
replace debit reader tested ok
site had #4  pole display cable used as a cash drawer cable, shut down register and found the cash drawer cable up underneath the counter. use the cash drawer cable and rebooted register and tested good and verified by Jessica. please see attached photo of proof of activity and recent for charge call
noc couldn't remote into switch. took switch into upc and connected via rollover. after troubleshooting, found no cause. took switch back to gas station and power up with no issues. mgr Elijah verified all working.
noc couldn't remote into switch. took switch into upc and connected via rollover. after troubleshooting, found no cause. took switch back to gas station and power up with no issues. mgr Elijah verified all working.
ordering scan gun
Reseat network cable and reboot rap55, verified with Support Stephan it's on line.
replaced pick wheel rubber tires cleared paper jam from back cover guide tested with pharmacy tech working fine found that that 2nd paper tray is not seen by the printer ordering new tray assembly
lane was in service and operational on arrival. tested all peripherals successfully. rebooted lane to see if fault replicated. it did not. confirmed with Linda.
Reseated and tested handscanner. Register in service.
worked with csm Rio rest and tested with no hardware issues
replaced isc250
no fault on arrival. hhs has charge, connects with base, and scans items
walk up, lights on reader, tested with cards and items, no issues. asked cashier / manager if problems were present today, they said no issues
noc couldn't remote into switch. took switch into upc and connected via rollover. after troubleshooting, found no cause. took switch back to gas station and power up with no issues. mgr Elijah verified all working.
Reseated cable from key pad to monitor.  Tedted operations.  Tl Robin confirmed.
SCO needs dual drum recyler
Replaced defective Note recycler in the presence of team lead Angela
check found no issues, cleaned SCO, test ok
Lower cassette damaged by customer when note repaired with double sided tape deposited. Replaced  cassette 2 due to damage.
I reset the unit and scale still jumping. need a certified tech to put the scale on the floor and Cabaret yhe scale.
no fault found scot 45 unit does not have Mei bill recycler unit has fugitsu gsr50
clean sensor on note validator jamming cash
fujitsu note transport belt off track. re-aligned and tested, ok
Adjustments were made to rear spine belt track assembly and tested fine no other issues present please check remote logs for confirmation.
cleaned and reset BNR
T he cash box for the 7350 was broken needs replacing part number 4970507902
Replaced card reader on register 2
no faults found, printer tests ok.
Store had already swapped the hhs with one from the store. The Fuel station is working properly. Will return to store to find non operational hhs.
replaced debit reader
Printer was providing faded receipts. Replaced the printer, but first part failed from out of the box. Provided another printer, then tested and approval was provided by Margret
remove debris from chute
reset unit
Reseated and cycled power.  Tested.  Verified functionality.
dr replaced
lane pinpad was rejecting all chip inserts. Installed new pinpad and it tested goos
reseated the cables on hand scanner and tested
Spoke to Shawn, printer had problem detected paper. Cleaned printer, no errors.
Resested on posts level. Recalibrated. Rebooted and csm tested. Functioning properly. Customer transactions good.
cleaned and tested ops great CSM Kera
cleared town bill from sensor
reseated cable and tested ops great CSM Jennata
reseated cable and tested ops great CSM Kera
verified issue  PML stated error &quot;device failure: 1010 illegal action&quot;  documentation states that the cause of the issue is the software connection with module and if issue persists, the hard drive will need to be replaced  reseated cabling of BNR and power cycled SCO  tested  verified issue resolved
per TL ticket was issued because BVHC did not call back to let them know updates were finished. opened lane and watched (5) customers use with no issues.
No fault found. Card reader is behaving normally.
Replaced physically broken mx711 paper tray 2 rear paper holder broken
glass fell out of top plate. able to re-secure. issue resolved.
Upon inspection bottom handheld scanner battery compartment screw was not fully secure once adjusted unit tested fine no other issues present.
Customer called in wrong equipment problem. Pharmacy needs debit reader replaced on front counter.
Damaged key lock part ordered awaiting eta
arrived onsite and checked in with csm Matt and Maureen. After troubleshooting I found the mainboard failing also the power cable. replaced mainboard, sco booted up but power cable is to loose and shut off. ordering replacement  part 4970474154
No fault found. Tested and confirmed with CSM.
jam in top recycler..clear..test with Jen
Replaced the BNR and updated firmware
143w50  sco36 is working in full mode , no error in bcr , and tested accepting and dispensing coins , working good
dr replaced
removed debris blocking exit sensor. on notes recycler.  tested with out any more issues.
cleaned sensors and reset cables. tested good. spoke to tee csm.
Upon arrival found SCO 37 in service with no faults. Witnessed multiple customers perform successful cash transactions. Ask manager Chris about possible issues with SCO 37 today. Chris told me SCO 37 has had no issues with BNR today. Was told okay to close ticket and advised about another SCO with issues.
replaced the printer after csm stated it wouldn't accept checks. once replaced the new printer was tested to see if it would accept checks. it accepted
site says hand didn't work all day yesterday, today it just started working again
replaced p8n pad. lane and p8n pad are ba k on line.
Performed a hard reset on the hhs on 59
Ordering replacement hhs
register is down due to controller issues but was able to confirm the drawers open when attached to registers that are up
Reseated cable, all test good by Katie.
replaced printer
I checked in with team leader (Jainie) when I arrived on site. I replaced the HHS on this register due to the HHS not beeping. I tried resetting the HHS but no fix. I had Jainie test the HHS for proper function by scanning items and hear the beeping and passed. Everything is working properly at this time.
worked on this ticket 3 weeks ago issue is non NCR incident the port that ethernet is damaged already worked on the issue non NCR incident told customer to contact help desk to create ticket for cable team
Register has power and is showing display tested with a training transaction and Register seems to be working properly.
no problem found per TL jaime.
button was sticking on scanner, cleaned heavily and teated without error
@@ Pinpad operational, but HHS wasn't. replaced failing HHS -- rebooted-- verified and tested pinpad and HHS@
replaced and tested hand scanner
replaced dr
Troubleshooted debit reader not accepting cards. Cleaned and rebooted with no change. Installed debit reader. Observed transactions. Tested ok.
Upon arrival talked to Bethany, she explained the sco wasn't reading cards via swipe or chip,  replaced unit,  rebooted, tested, operational
@@replaced timeclock  worked with matt@@
Replaced pin pan on register 92
Reseated keypad cable to display &amp; tested.
replaced debit reader , reseated cash drawer cable
replaced debit reader
ordering HDD as per call notes.
Duplicate call for same site and issue.
Renamed to reg 40 ag a.c in. Same deal hangs on w008 program is loading. I c as ll the HD again and said the software team is taking over the ticket.
SCO was in service when arriving on site. Checked PML and did not see any errors. Reset the BCR and then ran CADD to update any firmware. Calibrated the screen and put SCO back into service.
Unit was in full service when I arrived.  Entered PML and did not find a fault on any module.  Dispensed one of each coin and accepted them back in to verify working condition of the BCR
ordered recycler for gsr50
unit running properly.  i ran add, and checked all sensors and LED lights.  no problem at all.  mngr Brittaney
upon arrival sco was rebooting repeatedly. worked with walmart hd and found sco was not calibrated properly on the network. Network team fixed and sco rebooted. sco is in working condition.
no problem found working on arrival.
I blew out the spine of the BNR and and cleared the device. I reset the device with no error and set the self check back into service.
cleared coupon from coin recycler,  unit tested and functions
cleared MEI of debris. did a p.m. on the entire machine it was extremely Dusty. did dispense and accept test. ran add and rebooted. put back in service.
Replaced receipt printer. Tested good.
coins were empty on sco
HD cleared excessive logs that can cause issue.
removed a penny from the main transport
the coin acceptor was opened
Repair scot, replace pinpad, tests ok.
hopper exit sensor block  .cleaned hopper sensor
when I arrived Rusty was saying that the SCO would freeze up and the coins and BNr would act sluggish.  I then called Helpdesk and they checked for corrupt files and had the cadd files reloaded and the SCO worked fine foe 8 different customers
GSR 50 issue recycling error. clear debris from whole unit.ran ADD .
register operational on arrival. Tina said register was up when she arrived at 5am and hasn't faulted since
Found sco transacting on both cash and cards on arrival. Tested debit reader and successful. Watched several transactions and successful. Per Wanda, No issues today on it.
coins empty
After realigning spine belt transfer assembly and troubleshooting unit tested fine no other issues present please check remote logs for confirmation.
reg 72 cash drawer is not popping out according to csm dave. checked and verified all connections. had dave and Melissa  checked operation of cash drawer and it worked properly. cleaned entire register as it was filthy.
Found no issues with hand held scanner.  Verified by Emily Team Lead
replaced debit reader and tested.
reseated power cable.  tested good.
Troubleshot. Reseated connections on scanner scale. Rebooted. Tested. All tests passed. Followed up with ASM Donna
reseated batteries and tested
work with the help desk to try and resolve the issue on self checkout 39 but not successful. Suspending call in ordering a hard drive to FedEx Gateway Lane
reseated cables and then tested handscanner no further issues where found verified by Team lead Jamie
replaced debit reader
Replace scanner gun
Lane is 97, not 90. Scanner gun was not seated in cradle correctly, reseated, charged, scanned everything. Observed several customer transactions.
Replaced old/defective Epson printer that was having issues with checks. New printer tested good and also cleaned ingenico debit reader. Printer and terminal tested good after reboot and Register 74 in service.
ordering cash drawer next day to Goldsboro shed
there is a known issue particularly in Sam's club IBM self checkout registers where the zebra HHS drivers have compatibility issues with the system. this is fixed by resetting HHS base or rebooting whole terminal. at my arrival, reg 93 was up and working perfectly fine. there is no need to replace hardware as it will not improve the system/driver issue.
upon arrival sco was stuck at bios screen. replaced debit reader per store request, rebooted sco and all components came into service. sco in service.
Replaced drawer. Checked old drawer manually to verify no contents. CSM able to pop new drawer via register.
No faults with touch screen. tested device without any issue. register is fully operational.
hand scanner was not scanning items, I replaced it
Arrived on site to diagnose the BCR issue. once kn site i found that the Eagle wasnt lacthed properly. i adjusted the Eagle and ran diagnostics. and did a reset on the module. the BCR is now clear of faults. i went into PML and it is showing an avalanche sensor fault. i took the Input output chute off and cleaned rhe sensors then ran another reset on the BCR. all errors have now cleared on yhe module. SCO is back in service.
Walmart SSCO R5 LANE 47. replaced the isc250 due to an alert irruption message and set the comms appropriately. The unit rebooted and works fine now.
Unit is applying updates. Will return in AM to determine progress.
replaced debit reader register 72
no fault found in diagnostic. description from staff sounds like it had software or network issue at the time. tested good
printer was not endorsing checks, but register was stating it was completed, double dump terminal, and retested, working, spoke2 zoey tl
troubleshooting
duplicate call
Spoke to team lead Beverly, sco 19 scanner scale been working all day. in use by customer on arrival. no fault found.
found GRC 1 switch powered off, reseated power cord and switch came up, NOC verified switch status ok, confirmed thin client operational
Replaced defective card reader Self Check out lane 36. Tests ok.
Removed object from coin chutem Cleaned BCR  and BNR
calibrated touch screen and confirmed operational
replaced dr
replaced dr
No fault found as the lane was being used when I arrived.  Witnessed customers paying with their cards to complete their transactions
replaced pin pad
Unit was being used when I arrived.  I witnessed customers using the device without fault during their transactions
replace bill acceptor and tested good spoke to lori ann
the dual coin entry sensor chute was clear but dirty. there was also a dime stuck in one of the channels just after 8 way diverter. I cleaned and cleared these parts of the BCR then verified good operation of accepting and dispensing coins.
arrived and found it dirty and cleaned pin pad.  issue with register rebooting on it's own.  called helpdesk and talked to Zoe and she couldn't find any issue to cause this.  tested good.
customer stated there was no known problem.  testing showed no problems.  cleaned bcr and placed in service.
O58 sco was off on arrival. sco comes up with no errors. tested with live transaction.
sco was running real slow, scanner scale not weighing or scanning items, level 2 had to clear hard drive, cleared coin jam, rebooted lane
cleaned cash dispenser exit sensor
Reseated door interlock switch.  Ran PML and dispensed/accepted coins of all denominations without error
Troubleshoot.Clean and blow out BNR and whole SCO.Run Diags and Reset BNR.Test and verify on all devices. all good.Update and check out with TL Tim.
Reported jam at Spine (Spine hardware issue per PML). No jam found, but used canless air system to clean entire BNR with focus on spine. Reset via PML. All modules show OK. Spine hardware error cleared. SCO placed back in live mode. Able to do cash transaction with bills and coins given back by SCO in change.
removed piece of torn note from rear of top module, tested accept and dispense, functioning properly
Aling module and tested all working good. TL Jacob confirmed all ok.
repaired hand scanner base and tested
repaired and resynced hand scanner. tested and wotking.
Replaced defective pinpad. Tested working confirmed with Kathleen front-end coach.
Swapped printer
Damaged chip readers   debit reader replacements
Damaged chip reader    Debit reader has been replaced
Replacement not necessary; cleaned ICC and MSR slot. Tested good!
replace cash drawer solenoid
Replaced printer
verifone debit card reader replaced from previous day. checked and verified that it is working efficiently and functionally normal
No fault found.  Printer was replaced yesterday. Tested and working ok.  Confirmed by Associate at tobacco Sherri.
Customer Responsibility, Imaging unit is low which requires customer order. Operator panel was working correctly on arrival as well. No faults found.
checked in with assistant manager garrette. replaced the ismp4 that was not holding a charge. tested the imp4 with the pharmacist with a live transaction. all tests passed and ismp4 is holding a charge. informee assistant manager garrette
Replaced HHS as it would scan one item and stop working, shut off.
ordering printer
Worked with lvl-2 and connected to switch via another SCO's port. Tried to clear SCO 21 port via tone on line. Cabling being sent task # 21555993.
replaced defective validator. performed test. sco is fully operational. reseated validator and performed ADD
pointer arrow would not stay with touch. Cleaned monitor and pointer tracked with touch. only film removed.
CE ordering web pos card reader
CE ordering web pos card reader
Found that sco stuck on screen with a '-'. Powered down lane and reseated the touch screen cord on the motherboard. Powered lane back up. When it came to main screen able to touch and sign on. No further issues with the lane. CSM Tasha.
Double dumped register to get register 3 and scanner scale to communicate.  Then all tested good on scanner scales and lane.
booted atm. tok.
I ran a test with the HH scanner for SCO 1 and it worked fine.  Walmart contact, Lawanda, mgr
customer said it would keep freezing during random transactions I rebooted the whole sco and reseated the power cable
replaced dr on 48 and tested ok
I reset cable and rebooted the system and tested with no other issues
performed dump and re-ID on register. unit rebooted fine. advised team lead Zarinah
Reseated cables. Now power. Tests good.
sco 51, customer noted that scale where bags are present is saying not items detected. rebooted sco and ran add, updated scale bagger. tabitha is team lead
replaced debit
Customer removed jammed 10$ bill earlier.  Lane opened on arrival with no issues.  Cleaned BCR components and BNR sensors.
ordering a replacement handscanner cable to the visalia shed.
O14- Arrived onsite and chk'd in w/TL AARON to investigate reported problem SCO 43 R5 DR both ICC and MSR slots are not reading cards. sco in service in cash only on arrival. Swapped out defective unit w/ good spare. Waited for sco to come back in service and tested w/ personal chip card on fake transaction, then waited and watched customer check out with card payment; all ops chkd okay. Chk'd out w/ASSOC SARAH.
waiting on 3 units.
cleaned the card reader. verified correct settings and reset the unit. successfully tested the sco. watched several successful transactions completed without issue. sco is back in operation
found on tle pc
Removed coin jammed on 1cent hopper exit sensor.  No internal damage found on doors. Verified working by Sandra.
cleaned printer head and removed a lot of paper debris and paper rolled into roller, tested and functioning properly QR CODES readable
as confirmed with Lydia the machine works as expected
7879 Digital Board 4970503472
On arrival lane hhs was working and scanning item barcodes checked out with CSM Bonita
Replaced pmt terminal sco 44. Witnessed successful customer chip transaction. Operational.
replace defective debit reader
check cable, its good. reseat cable and reboot unit.
replaced debit reader, tested and working after script reboot
installed thin client.  tested good
no faults found on arrival, self checkout and debit reader both up and working. watched multiple customers make successful debit transactions with no faults
INSTALLED NEW MOUNTING BRACKET AND TESTED
No faults found on arrival, tested in PML and confirmed working with team lead Dusty
reinstalled paper. cleaned print head and run multiple tests pass
Issue is weights and measures flagged it for being not sealed. Went ahead and recalibrated and sealed unit.
checked SCO for various issues
replaced defective debit reader and tested on site
Someone stuck tape on coins that then attached to the coin acceptor.  Removed jam and cleared the coin path and tested.
replaced hhs. waited for it to charge and then tested good per TL Latisha.
Repaired cash drawer lock
clear jam bnr up and running no faults.
I replaced hand scanner. New unit is online and scanning product for customers.
Found lane 46 corrupted software. engaged level 2 for the updated pre loaded hdd pn. will order pn 8770305405 nfo to Wheeling Shed.
ok on arrival,  no fault found
replaced and tested debit reader
Issue with debit reader reading cards. Cleaned the unit. Tested good
Complete Task
Reboot and reload scanner firmware and now back in service with no faults
Walmart SSCO R5 LANE 34. No fault found upon arrival, the unit was running several good chip card transactions upon arrival. Verified with several good transactions.
replaced isc250 on SCO 49. tested and passed
O21 REG 3 up and open and associate checking ppl out on reg. Found out issue is with dr not holding card but explained some card are thinner in size and wont hold. TL Deirdre
Changed main port to rs232, on booted tested operational
Personnel Printer spoke to personnel manager April she informed me printer jamming tested printer thru over 500 sheets copying no errors verified operational by Personnel Manager April
reg 42 pinpad has alert interruption. replaced pinpad
picked up switch from UPC room.
card reader not reading cards from either slot.  replaced, restarted register, settings set on reader. working as expected
Cable repair requires punch down tool. Must engage 3rd party cable Repair  company vendor
Replaced SCO 47 card reader and tested.
Removed jammed coins in self check bill recycler. Tested recycler. Bill recycler is accepting and and dispensing Bill's. Customers are now using  Self Check out 50.
Replaced defective debit reader, rann ADD and rebooted register.  Successfully tested register once it came back up. Verified by CSM Erica
Card reader is constantly rejecting cards. Will order webpos card reader
ordering cash drawer
swapped debit reader and tested on site
replaced Debit reader on lane 32 not 33 call was put in wrong. tested on site
Contacted lvl-2 and they said lock is pn 0068627429. Have ordered it to FedEx.  Also shows Donald B. as having one on ppk.
Also ordered security door.  4970524869 to FedEx for Tuesday.
power cycled register and cleaned debit reader. tested 10x in training mode, no further issues
worked with csm Christi replaced cash cassette ran multiple successful tests in diagnostic with no hardware issues
unit working tested with live cash transaction
cadd files reinstalled
replaced debit reader, test good
replaced hhs,test good
unable to reach site. Vehicle problem
Clean DR, reboot and test ok
replaced touchscreen monitor
I spoke with store manager Megan and she informed me register 95 payment terminal has been working fine at this time.  I observed customer transactions and no issues.  Sam's Club contact, Megan, mgr
Removed Jam in spine in BNR
no fault found tested and all passed
power cycled scanner/scale and rebooted SCO. scale is functioning properly.
found paper wrapped up on platten.  removed and tested good
Powered cycle scanner scale. Reseated cables and rebooted the terminal. Issue has been.
sco 29 debit reader reset. rebooted sco. ran add. chatonia is team lead
sco 33 screen was frozen and running slow. rebooted sco and ran add. chatonia is team leas
sco 35 barcode scanner not scanning. checked cable and rebooted sco, ran add. chatonia is team lead
reset device, no faults, started sco, not finding note recycler, run add on next reboot, rebooted sco, up open, no faults
No fault found, terminal taking cash and card, associate hadnt had any issues with it today. Tested it just to verify, found nothing wrong.
Found a part of a $10 in the frame, blocking the other bills of the recycler.  Cleared jammed and cleaned gsr50.  Performed dispense tests from all cassettes.  All tests cleared.  Returned to service.
no fault found
reseating the cables and resetting the terminal fix the issue. tested by mod Lorena
checkout 44 had a $10 bill caught in the recycler frame.  The bill looked worn.  Cleared jam and cleaned gsr50.  Tested dispense from all cassettes.  Tests passed.  Returned to service.
replaced bad hhs cable
Cleaned sensors on. BNR main module and ran a test. , unit back in service verified by TL Isabel
cash box has an error and will not clear. no jams anywhere in unit or cash box. ordering replacement cashbox
debit reader is new, still not communicating. ordering replacement cable.
worked with the help desk to get the register back online. verified good functionality through test transactions.
replaced screw in 93 hand scanner
Alert Interruption error, swapped unit out, tested working...
I spoke with Manager Desiree about lanes 93 and 92 which 92 had a broken mount which isn't an NCR issue or part. But the base for 93 wasn't working and 92's scanner wasn't scanning because the triggeris damaged. so I moved the mounting plate of 93 to 92, and then also moved the handheld scanner to 92. So lane 92 was working and 93 needs a Handheld scanner and a base
reset and cleared main module BNR at lane 46. working verify by csm Nicole.
cleared jam in main module of bnr, tested on transaction and works okay
lane powered off, powered on
there was abill jam in the lower part of the BNR. I temove 4-$1.00 bills. gave to the CSN her name is coach. ryn test. everything is good
lane 36. Inspect, test - ok. replace defective part and test - ok.
spine is making a weird noise. needs to be changed
called for jam in the BNA no apparent Jam found logged into pml and saw no errors on unit tested device 4 separate times with a dispense 1 of each bill and an accept  device is fully operational per associate Eric
Replaced debit card reader. Issue has been resolved
sco47 was in full service no faults on arrival no faults in pml unit in service nff
found a cardboard close tag stuck in belt area by singulator door micro switch. caused switch to be out of alignment and was not connecting when singulator door was closed. was able to bend switch back into place and tested by closing door. was now engaging and working. placed sco back in service
Replaced defective card reader and rebooted terminal. After a full reboot, I tested the card reader with a training transaction. All functioning.
This is for register 74...manager states that unit will not allow a user to login... I tested and confirmed this, even after multiple restarts there was no change... Called help desk and Sasha had me do some troubleshooting, determined that it was software related... Escalated to software and instructed me to close the ticket
not reading chips, swapped unit out, tested working...
Josh/team lead requested service for scale issue.. Calibrated scale and tested to verify good operation.
ran add, cycled power and had field support update files and testedvspoke2 emina
Lower printer tray broken, replaced printer tray
Walmart SSCO R5 LANE 50. No fault found upon arrival, the unit was running several good chip card transactions upon arrival. Verified with several good transactions.
checked register for various issues
checked register for various issues
The Coin Validator had a small coupon stuck in it which jammed coins. I cleared the jam, PMed the BCR and tested all functions.
Complete Task
unit working upon arrival, clean unit and test, watch customers make good transactions
not activity lights in scale. replaced rj45 connector, still no activity, moved scale to known working outlet and got activity, contacted and worked with helpdesk, it's a Morocco switch with no wiring diagrams. was advised to close call and cabling technician would be sent out
Bounced Network port all tested good after reboot
Reg5 replaced defective debit tested and verified operational by COS Diane
inspected the self-checkout and found several notes jammed behind the cash box. cleared the jam and restart at the self-checkout, tested good after reboot
LN 47. PERFORMED COINS JAMMING ERRORS CLEARED AND SENSORS CLEANED.  SYSTEM REBOOT AND WORKING OK.
replaced bad printer
printer cutter mechanism sticking and jamming printer, replaced printer, ran ADD, tested and functioning properly
$1 caught in spin-off BNR SCO 39
arrived at location handheld scanner had beam not scanning ran reset and tested with Tracy
cleared jam in spine tested no fault found.
irrelevant cosmetic damage. non replaceable part. printer is fine.
LN 34  REPLACED HDD. PERFORMED CONFIGURATION AND CONTACTED HD TO UPDATE PATCHES AND SOFTWARE.
reset GRC 1 switch, tested scales ok
no fault found apon
Replace HHS.
upon arrival unit powered on with no error showing. lane in use. tested by using handset to ring items.
travel to site but they aren't open
reg debit reader not reading chip replaced and tested
reset switch GCR 1 and tested scales ok
reset switch GCR 1 and tested scales ok
replaced recipt printer it was printing faded recipts
unit functional upon arrival.  tested ok.
duplicate call
Found SCO to have no link lights Revived network port and brought SCO online
O14- Previously arrived onsite and chk'd in w/TL AARON. Began to investigate reported issue SCO 50 R5 Scanner scale is not weighing properly, showing 1.11lbs when nothing is on the scale. sco in service but found as described on arrival, with scale measuring 1.2lbs and unable to zero. Set up for add reboot, powered down, and chk'd/ reseated i/o cabling on e- box and scanner/ scale. Waited for sco to come back in service; all scale functionality restored. Chk'd out w/ASSOC LARRY and notified TL AARON.
no fault found, only the Monitor the Monitor wasn't turned on, turned and successfully tested by receiving Associate
exchanged pin pad
troubleshot and dound hand scanner broken, not responding to anything. swapped/replaced  and allowed some charge. tested with cos rick, all operational now.
Mounted and secured payment device terminal and tested fine no other issues present
Complete Task
Arrived onsite and checked in with manager Robin.  Repaired hand acannee, watched successful customer transaction.  tested good.
Arrived onsite and checked in with csm Jean.  performed the store visit and walked through the store and fixed several minor issues throughout the store.
Replaced pinpad assy and reset core for updates. Tests all good now with customers
replaced printer,  much darker now
Worked with the helpdesk. SCO cannot be logged into a secure domain. Need to replace hardrive. 8770305405
replaced faulty debit reader
installed new isc 250 card reader on sco 48/test with purchase successful
reseated usb cable to scale then rebooted lane- Scanner scale back online tested during scanning transaction I. training mode
travel to
SCO 48 hand held scanner and base connections reseated. SCO power cycled. HHS scanning items.. Customer transaction successful.
reseated hand scanner battery connection reg 5 and tested it in diagnostics
reset  wrap station reg53 per Walmart hd not on network
hand scanner base cable was physically damaged, replaced
after power cycling the unit did not correct the issue, helpdesk cleared CADD and rebooted. The unit tested good after booting up
restored network connection to lane and tested with manager
Re-Seated battery for HHS lane 1. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
Issue has already been resolved. task #8111502809
replaced dwbit
Removed jammed bills and ran ADD
Billable. Non NCR issue. Customer damaged. CE troubleshot and inspected the unit. CE found that the chip reader appears to be damaged. CE replaced the Ingenico ISC250. Tested Fine.
O14- Previously arrived onsite and chk'd in w/TL AARON. Began to investigate reported issue SCO 32 R5 DR is not reading gift cards. Connected w/APM RICHARD and he escorted me to suspect sco and explained debit reader is not processing wm gift cards. sco online in full service mode, customer checking out. Watched customer use chip card to complete transaction. Richard then tried to make purchase using his wm gift card but dr did not recognize. After he switched payment method to gift card on screen, he swiped card and display changed on isc250 screen, then processed his transaction. We think error is that customers using wm gift cards for payment must first select that payment option before swiping in order for payment to process. Closing task per APM RICHARD; all ops chkd okay.
Found battery cover taped. Found wing nut loose. Tightened and tested and successful.
Replaced receipt printer on Lane 51 for extremely faint print. New printer is pinting nice and dark.
The Walmart L2 Stan will order a new thin client and he approved me to close the call
trd and repair bnr lost power and bundler error up and functions testedvnd verify by Jay team lead
Printer was tested 3 times and no issues were found. Associates claimed that sometimes it stops cutting the paper. I spoke with Stacy and explained that I couldn't replicate the issue and the printer gave no errors. Stacy confirmed the resolution.
Changed the network cable with a spare one and level 2 was able to see the scale online. spoke 2 Maria Team Lead
No fault found when on site with sco 49 or bcr.  Tested good with purchase by ce.
terminal was having issues scanning items. debit reader was replaced and terminal was tested successfully.
-SCO in service on arrival -Rebooted with ADD -Made sure that all cables are connected correctly -Called BHD, does not detect corruption. Sees that is has been running without issues for the last 16 hours, that it should be good
coin recycler jammed 4 dimes 3 Nichols cleared jam ran reset and tested with kim
Cleaned and reset BNR main module, unit is back in service verified by TL Yasbel
reset scale, tested it all tests passed
found the penny hopper had a jammed penny removed and cleaned and tested
Complete Task
replaced a new Ethernet cable (NOF), worked with Walmart L2 Stan to troubleshoot and reconfigured it in the server and successfully tested by MOD Hillary
Complete Task
Complete Task
replaced debit reader. tested. checked ok. placed in service
replaced defective debit reader not reading cards. configure replacement and return to service
ce reseated terminal and tested debit reader
calibrated scanner scale on sco
Upon arrival, scanner scale showing errors and unable to weigh items. Tech ran ADD and reboot system. System now working normally, scanner scale able to scan and weigh properly. Checked out with lead Melissa.
spring cleaning under the register cables were moved and tied but pulling and creating tension on the ports reboot and untied all cables and re do again correct way tested working fine I will let csm findings
duplicate call to 7111303178
Reseated cables and power cycled register.
ce reseated terminal wiring tested ok
ce cleaned debit reader tested ok
needs bottom io card replacement for printer
upon arrival checked in with csm Shawn, upon inspection found no beam coming out of scale, powered down register and reseated all connections, register came back up and was able to test in training mode and scanned different items and all passed, csm Shawn verified and checked out with csm.
ce reseated debit reader tested ok
Replaced hhs, ADD run and tested all good. TL Carla confirm.
adjusted the locking brackets for scanner scale on reg 3. tested successfully
Replaced HD configured handed over to Ned for patching at HD
clean debit back in service
could not verify issue  associate describes issue as chase cards will almost never work, software declines them  she seems to think the fact the new chase cards are thicker than before is causing the issue  the sensitive equipment may be misinterpreting it as a fraudulent card  observed a few transactions with no failure, but no chase cards  no fault found
removed bad notes and gave to manager. rebooted lane and is now accepting cash
Reseted the scanner scale cables connections and successfully tested
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
reseat all cables and reset zebra scanner. test good
Duplicated call for same issue.
Checked tray settings and called lexmark support, agent changed setting for trays and load firmware.  Ran tests , printed out about 8 times with no errors.
sco 34 was turned off. rebooted,  ran diag checks, healthy.  only 9 $1 in cash box causing warning. informed Lashanda
register 2 handheld scanner no beam  unplugged and reseated plug reset handheld scanner unit back in service tested with Kim
reseated i/o board on head unit, rebooted lane, lane came up with no issue, tested and verify, spoke2 Hossein tl
cleaned and tested the printer
rebooted the scale
Replaced damaged files and maintence on lane unit is working with no issues
arriv ed d on site and checked in with Cashier Eddie. replaced the ISC250 to reg88. tested with a test transaction. all tests passed informed and checked out with cashier eddie.
Test trays - ok - no jams.  Call support  - wrong mac address. Get unit on network.  Reboot and test operation - normal
Replace debit reader and tested
Walmart SSCO R5 LANE 37. BNR. the lane was up and in use upon arrival, no active faults. Confirmed BNR functionality with a live customer transaction. Unit works fine now.
could not verify issue  sco operates normally   reboot lane and power cycled modules  testes  no issue present
No fault found with gsr50 on sco 51. Team lead Eddi verified nothing is wrong and sco is working correctly.
customer dropped scanner broke bottom piece
calibrated touchscreen.  tested with associate.
Complete Task
when customers are paying cash sco will not provide change. there is no change in sco
I checked the operation of the scanner scald and it looks like the vertical camera has failed, will order part 4970503480 to gilroy fedx in Walmart next day.
Coins were stacked in the exit chute of the coin dispenser. Removed the chute and all of the coins and cleared the jam. Checked PML and there were no other errors. SCO is back in service.
reg 1 printer needed reset, not printing fully
20 was saying media slot jammed, cleaned off sensors in gsr50 and placed back in service
SCO 50, hand scanner 4970434414 NCR 7837-3204  not holding charge, will order new one.
no communication error so reseati g cables and resetting terminal fix the issue. tested by mod Lorena
Issue has been resolved. task# 8111502745
@@@ issue is solely a walmart responsibility...the parts that are broken is the plastic walmart supplied plastic mount on their cabinetry...the hhs..the base are completely functional and not broken....this is an ongoing issue at site and site was told again that this is a walmart facility or walmart Maintenance issue to fix..explained again to TL Cynthia who placed the call..see attached picture for billing purposes@@@
sco was in service on arrival with intermittent pin pad chip read issues.  replaced pin pad.  tested it with live transaction and is operational
reset wrap station reg52 and it is now showing a display
reset wrap station reg55per Walmart hd
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
No fault found. SCO was in service with no faults upon CE arrival. Tested all peripherals and verified working.
No coin recycler faults on arrival and all hoppers are near empty. Dispensed all remaining coins with CSM Donna and reset hopper counts to zero. Accepted all coins that were dispensed plus coins from coupon bin which was 48 coins. Placed lane back in service and CSM Donna is loading cash. No fault found, task complete
took apart and cleared. rebooted and tested. lane 90 in service
clean all coin Hoppers test watch while customers use it good to go
replaced printer rebooted lane with ADD, tested and functioning properly
remove paper jam on the chute test good to go
Cleared of jam from Eagle Dispenser.  Rebooted system and tested coin acceptor thru pml successfully.
replaced touch screen
Duplicate call.
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
issues has been solved.  scew has been loose.  working fine tested by manager mary
checked in with team lead Maria. found sco in cards only mode. inspected and found a peice of 1 jammed exiting the recycler cassette. removed the debris and tested the recycler with multiple dispense and accept tests. all tests passed. checked out with team lead Maria.
trs and repair bcr and SS up and functions tested and verify by Lisa team lead
Receipt printer prints nothing at all.  During testing the message read 598 dots damaged on front head.  Ordering replacement printer (4970529281) and shipping to my default.
cash counts were off in software. reset cash counts in pml and showed team lead how to perform their own internal audit to avoid this issue if it were to happen again. returned sco to service.
Replaced cash drawer cable and reset core for updates. Tests all good now with customers
Ingenico card reader shows alert interrupt, replaced card reader
troubleshot and found no hardware issues. Ran ADD, reboot sco and tested ok, monitored unit, all good. notified csm moises/xavier TL of repair.
verified SCO 51 printer is poor quality. replaced printer. rebooted SCO for firmware updates. tested printer, working as designed. reported to TL Shiwani.
LN 46. REPLACED DEBIT READER AND RESEAT ALL CABLES.  SENSORS CLEANED AND SYSTEM WORKING OK.
I assisted the help desk in getting the TLE thin client back online.
cahier says today they have no issues. problem was yesterday. che k and cleaned top module. watch customers  use
reset bnr com cable, ran add and rebooted sco.came into full service and tested in pml dispense and accept without fault returned sco to service
replaced and tested card reader
Powered it down inspected found roller off. Took trace off and reattached roller and adjusted whole printer sitting on metal grill frame, told Team Coack Angel they should put flat ply wood so drawer doesn't get caught on grill. Powered it back up and test Lexmark printer and back in service.
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
recalibrated as requested passed calibration back in service
SCO 45 was showing bundler error, not accepting Bill's.  CE removed 4x$20 dollar bills from the BNR main module, gave recovered bills to CSM, Destiny Guthrie.  The bundler error would not clear in PML.  CE installed a new BNR main module, rebooted the terminal, firmware updated successfully, all errors were cleared, reset device in PML, tested ok in PML, BNR is now online, accepting and dispensing bills with no errors, repairs and functionality were verified by store CSM, Destiny Guthrie.
Upon arrival sco 47bwas running slow. Rebooted debit reader. Rebooted Rap station. Hard rebooted sco. sco is no longer slow. However sco intermittently has devices drop offline. reseated host port cable to iobox and host port e on display after leaving disconnected for 30 seconds. Confirmed this course of action through guru hd. Sco working properly and verified by team lead eddi
Blue tabs was not pushed in on the Eagle coin acceptor. Pushed the tabs in check profile manager cleared the error successfully. Issue resolved.
store said register was not putting out coins.  cleaned coun and bill despenser
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
reset and cleared jam
Replaced debit reader cable on lane 2
cleared jam
No jam in spine. Dust was covering sensors. Cleaned and tested successfully
Double dump and reload lane 5
cash
SCO 31. reset cash box cables, had become loose. verified all healthy. low on cash, advised Lashandra
Complete Task
TS, broken front plasctic lip, replaced and ran ADD, reboot, verfied working with Manager Angel, checked out.
check all cables connections then reboot hole unit working fine tested by manager Amanda
On arrival to SCO44, unauthorized error on MSR. Shut down and replaced MSR after rebooting scanner/scale offline had to restart did not work with power cycle. After 2nd reboot firmware updated on scanner/scale SCO back online, all functioning. Verified/tested with Kim/CSM before leaving the SCO.
Calibrated scale
Called HD and reseated all cables and rebooted unit. Tested all phone lines for pharmacy. Jeff (Ateb) confirmes unit online and working ok.
reg1 needs servicing
Removed coin jam from chute all tested good
Replaced &amp; Tested BNR Main Module on SCO44.
Damaged chip reader   pinpad has been replaced
tighten lock
Double dump and reload lane 7
I worked with the helpdesk and tested with COS Coralina
clean the bcr, test ok back in service
Replaced debit reader stylus pen on lane 10
tighten cabinet lock
TL Ellenitta Charley stated that the debit reader on self checkout 24 was not taking cards, rebooted self checkout, after reboot, made a successful debit transaction with no faults.
Double dump and reload lane 1
Cleaned and tested payment terminal with CSM who verified the devices working condition
replaced hard drive/Spoke2 Nage
lane was in use. customer stated reader was not recognized chip the day before. replaced card reader sco49.
Cashbox sensors exceeded max values. Cleaned cashbox, recycler sensors, feedpaths. Sensors returned to optimal values.
Replaced pin pad ln 45. ztested operations.  Tl Robin confirmed
Re-Seated battery for HHS lane 2. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
replaced tray, piece behind door was cracked, held together by scotch tape. no further issues.
Debit reader giving card problem error. Replaced and configured ports. Tested ok.
Reboot unit. Tested as working.
ordered printer
replaced printer
-Inspected card reader, can see bent pin on the chip reader -Replaced payment terminal, set it to USB CDC -Called BHD to open port -Rebooted -Tested, can now read chips correctly
Reloaded firmware
Reseated the cable
cleared paper jam
Complete Task
clean debit back in service
support stated new thin client to be ordered
Complete Task
clean debit back in service
Reset scanner scale applied F17 tag , unit back in service verified by TL Melissa
The printer is operational the cover is closed.
I replaced the debit reader and tested with CSM Jessica
Sco 29 is not on the network upon arrival.  Per lvl2 a ticket is open with Crosscom to fix cable issue.
SCOT43 off network used SCOT44 to check electronics and system comes up online STAB Team sending cabling to diagnosis issue informed Team Lead Berta
SCO 36 removed 45 coins from input and belt areas, ckeared tracks. tested and no more faults. working as expected
register 4 verified chip slot on debit/credit reader is not reading card chip. MSR slot is working correctly. replaced debit/credit reader, rebooted register 4. tested in training mode, both debit/credit reader slots are working as designed. tested all functions of register, working as designed. reported to Team Lead Mohammed.
Replaced debit reader due to not reading cards. Works. Tested by manager Dylan.
rebooted thin client, Billie logged on to test
cables broken.
ordering the fuser unit replacement.
reg10 needs servicing
replaced debit reader
cordless hu scanner broken missing battery suspended task to order part
Replaced Timeclock, TMC01. tested with employee check in and out. also checked out with Walmart helpdesk.
Cleaned bill accp and disp, coin recycler. Tested all devices in pml, returned sco to service.
Cleaned MSR Chip and Swipe Reader with Cleaning Card.
Cleaned MSR Chip and Swipe Reader with Cleaning Card.
clean coin transfer Sutter jam and chuck then reboot hole unit working fine tested by manager  sandir
Cleaned MSR Chip and Swipe Reader with Cleaning Card.
The register was running slowly and freezing during transactions. I reseated the battery on the riser card and was able to complete multiple practice transactions at normal speed
The debit reader was not accepting cards. I performed a double dump on the register and was able to complete multiple practice transactions using a card
Cleaned MSR Chip and Swipe Reader with Cleaning Card.
The register was running slowly and freezing during transactions. I reseated the battery on the riser card and was able to complete multiple practice transactions at normal speed
cleaned rebooted tested working good now
Reseated USB cable going to printer and logic.  Printer powered on, rebooted lane.
reg8 needs servicing
arrived at location register 34 coin recycler quarter hopper jammed gummed up exit sensor cleaned hopper and reset unit back in service tested with Kim
Remove coin wrapper debris from .05c hopper and test functionality
Troubleshoot.removed a couponthat was blocking the avalanche sensor.cleaned SCO.tested good.updated with TL Terry
sco 50, cleaned pin pad chip reader
removed a jammed penny from hopper cleared in pml and tested sco44 in service no faults
Replaced debit reader. Was not reading any cards. Verified working AOK
note acceptor had an error while working on the pinpad. noticed a belt had come off track. was able to guide it back on. tested with no faults.
Sco 48, cleaned the pin pad chip reader
replaced SCO receipt printer, test print ok
Card problem
Scob51, cleaned pin pad chip reader
sco 47, cleaned debit reader
ordering part# 2881047011
Windows software is corrupted. Ordering new Preloaded drive part#8770305405 o next day to FedEx Londonderry for 4/27/21.
Sco 45, cleaned pin pad chip reader
reset working fine
I think lights on both Ethernet adapters however PC is not connecting to the internet at all rebooted released and renewed IP same issue. God help desk issues being caused by incorrect port routing Help this corrected issue rebooted PC again tested all devices functioning correctly able to get online.
recalibrated touch screen and tested good
recalibrated touch screen and tested good
cleared fault in $10 roll. tested. checked ok. placed in service
reject gate was unlocked. pushed lock button to secure gate.
Upon arrival, system unable to dispense coins. Tech troubleshooted and found coin counts to be inaccurate. System requires and audit and refill of coins. Checked out with lead Justine.
after ts found broken belt in main module replaced powercycled tested working fine
Unit had bills jammed in cassette, cleared and reset. Unit is back online
No fault found on CE arrival, tested OK per Team Lead Kenisha
SCO BNR faulted at arrival. Cleared bill fragment from loader cassette (picture attached). Cleaned device, and function tested in PML. Returned SCO to service with no faults, and make a live transaction using bills without issue.
singulator belt jam cleared coins out and rebooted SCO cleared errors put back into service verified with CSR Lisa
replaced locking cashbox with unlocking cahsbox per store layout. tested on site
Cleared 60$ jam out of bundler. Tested operations TL Martha confirmed
no lead seal was present on scale. recalibrated scale.
Setup ADD to run. Re-powered sco to reset/update firmware. Test ok.
Cleaned
cleared jam on singulator belt, cleaned bcr and tested on site
no jam found. bnr tested good and came back into service without any issues
Cleared jammed coins out of eagle and cleaned eagle as well. Removed all loose coins from machine and gave them to TL. All functioning.
cleared error on bill dispenser. unit back in cards only due to being out of pennies
fix cash box security door hinge
Cleaned and tested unit with CSM
replaced matencience kit that was sent to site replaced tested working
pm
Performed cleaning of handheld scanner beam clear faceplate, due to grime and tested fine no other issues present.
reseated battery cable for hhs tested fully operational reg 1
on arrival noticed that the network cable had been stretched and the wall cover was loose. when I moved the cover, the scale would come online. spoke with Dawn mgr and showed her what was happening. if it continues, will need a cabling team to reset wall connectors.
replaced missing debit reader screws and remounted debit reader making sure it was secure.
Replaced debit reader. Register is fully operational
cleared coin jam. reseated cable on coin side. tested and verified working with csm debra
reset gun
resolved over heating and printer issue
I worked with the helpdesk and tested with CSM Jessica
Troubleshooted recyler error. Cleaned debris from recycler and tested. Observed transactions. Tested ok.
ce assisted on scale repair
Fixed printer power and verified operation after reboot
cleared jam in 4 way divert,  tested
cleaned card reader rebooted
Reg4 isc250 was not mounted. Remounted and secured.
Reg9 debit reader was hanging by 1 corner. Reseated and secured unit.
sco 31 hhs cable damaged. replaced cable and ran add
Reg2 Debit reader was not mounted properly. Replaced screws to correct locations, then remounted and secured unit
Reseated the hand held scanner battery and cable and cleaned the base of register #52 then rebooted the register. The hand held scanner is working good now as tested by store Team Lead Danielle
replaced debit reader and tested live with a purchase. tests good
site visit
SS ROCKING IN BUCKET OUT OF LEVEL. REMIVED, ROUTED CABKES PROPER, CKEANED AND TESTED
Spoke to management and issue is with SCO 28 giving an error to remove media when no media is present. Unmounted module and cleaned sensors, power cycled BNR and rebooted SCO. Verified no errors are listed in PML and ran test transaction successfully.
Rap 55, printer failing message. powered reg down. repeated printer cabling and printer was restored
lane 72 very slow and unresponsive. I reseated riser card and double dumped logic. re I'd and tested afterwards. tested good. lane is up and operating properly
Cleared TPIC sensor. Recycler Operational
lane 91 on 007. I ts and went to bare min. found a printer cable issue. replaced cable and tested good after. no issues.
completed
Scanner scale offline on arrival. Reset SCO to bring online. Tested with no issues
FST Rebuilt the C: and D: drives on the DD Controller. Unit is back in service.
rerouted to critical call
upon arrival checked in with assistant manager Saira, upon inspection found lots of debris in module, aired down unit and cleaned sensors, tested module and passed, rebooted sco and came back up and open, checked out with assistant manager Saira
ce arrived to find reg1 hand held scanner not scanning items and with no beam.  ce reseated battery and allowed to charge.  ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager carlos
Replaced HHS and tested.
ce arrived to find reg6 scanner scale remote display showing dashes. ce reset unit and then tested with manager carlos who confirmed functionality
cleaned and tested
debit card reader not reading cards ordered replacement
reseated cable and resynced hand scanner
ce arrived to find reg9 scanner scale remote display showing dashes.  ce reset unit and then tested with manager carlos who confirmed functionality
printer was printing half receipts non legible
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
Checked regester 85. Cleaned card reader with card reader cleaning card. Tests ok.
cleaned and tested debit
Arrived onsite and checked in with manager Robin. performed the store visit and walked through the store and fixed several minor issues throughout the store.
Inspected unit reported by Team Lead Maria, powered off Register,  reseated cables,  rebooted Register and after brought Register back to service calibrated Monitor with self calibration option, tested successfully.  Register is up and operational.
pinpad reseat and swapped with another register
reprogrammed debit reader
verified issue  determined windows boot sector information was not readable or laudable from the hard drive  swapped HDD and followed installation process  SCO made it to &quot;start scanning&quot; window, called HD and they started patch process  released from site
Reseated coin and bill dispenser cables Ran ADD and rebooted the lane a couple of times and le t customers use it. Spoke 2 Stephanie Academy trainer
Replaced lower door cover. Spoke 2 Stephanie Academy trainer
ce arrived to find reg8 scanner scale remote display showing dashes.  ce reset unit and then tested with manager carlos who confirmed functionality
Worked with the helpdesk. SCO cannot be logged into a secure domain. Need to replace hardrive. 8770305405
Replaced Harddrive as requested. Process started. Will call helpdesk in 2 hours to patch lane.
Found piece of onion skin in 8 way diverter. After clearing other spots of dust and dirt, the BCR was able to successfully dispense/accept change. All functioning.
No fault found on CE arrival, tested OK per Team Lead Kenisha
removed jam from bin 1 issue resolved with mod
replace damaged customer display
Replaced debit reader
cleared bcr coin jam on sco 43 and confirmed operational
a69: Switched out top plate
Site Visit completed all issues resolved at this time verified by Team Lead Regan
Recent scale test it OK spoke to Kayla team lead
Troubleshooting for register 5. Printer jamming receipts- cutting edge out of alignment. Powered down, adjusted cutting knife and rebooted. Printer working properly. Tested good.
LN 45. PERFORMED TOUCH SCREEN CALIBRATION AND ADJUSTMENT.  SENSORS CLEANED AND SYSTEM WORKING OK.
Cable handheld reader has cut in it, don't have spare cable to replace with
data cable was unplugged at some switch 2 level 2  reconfigure port 9  for tracer machine in vision center manager  Shelley
Cable handheld reader has cut in it, don't have spare cable to replace with
Scale display showed a whopping 0.71lbs without anything on the scanner scale. 0'd to no avail, shut unit down and booted up. Tested with my phone and all functioning.
no fault on arrival, beam is consistent
Conveyer belt off, turned it on, functioned just fine.
Connie team lead
reset scanner scale on sco
replace Keystone punch Down Jack
showed Mrs. Ramona how to clear counts on the coins.
ordered main module
replacdd meant kit still has error swapped imaging kit error cleared needs new imaging kit
card reader not reading cards from either slot.  cleaned but same. replaced unit and tested.
lane 44 hheld scanner not scanning item. reseat cable and test hheld scanner, test scan item and works fine. informed team lead Biatrice hheld scanner is up and operational.
sco 50 not communicating. reset network connection with network tester. checked and reloaded lane came up and is commu icating.
replaced failed hdd
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 6. ran tests in training mode and was successful
Cleaned off dusty sensors and removed coupon stuck in belt. Ran dispense/deposit tests successfully. All functioning.
reseated cables and ran test transactio. and was completed successfully with lead ramona
No fault found, lane is up and running.  Walmart help desk check log files and everything is good.
Reg 91 was making a sound that can be described as an error tone.  Powered off lane, checked connections, rebooted and sound went away.
had tonhave helpdesk manually run add.  after that, bnr issue due to cashbox being full.  after cam emptied it, sco fully operational
After cleaning debit reader problem persisted.  Replaced and configured for USB-CDC and requested COM port update from L2.
Unable to clear the issue.  Replaced debit reader, configured for USB-CDC and requested COM port update from L2.  Lane rebooted.
"Windows software is corrupted. Ordering new Preloaded drive part#8770305405 o
next day to FedEx Londonderry for 4/27/21."
Cleared coins and debri from BCR coin acceptor. Reset BCR and terminal. Verified working. Supervisor Sonya tested successfully with no issues.
Replaced.debit reader and tested ok after reboot.
Cleaned and tested unit with the CSM who verified working condition
I found the singular door switch was not snapped in properly and a nickle was jammed in the singular belt. After clearing the jam and fixing the switch I tested SCO with CSM Teri to her satisfaction.
Upon inspection unit was moved to allow more direct air flow due to congestion being surrounded around POS unit. unit was running extremely hot prior.
scanner scale troubleshooting and cleaned
I cleared a jammed quarters from the hopper and then cleaned all the hoppers. Afterwards I tested SCO with CSM Teri to her satisfaction.
reg 43 scanner scale showing offline so reseating the cable and resetting terminal fix the issue. tested by mod Lorena
Found SCO 39 in shutdown status. Reseated all cables and booted up. CSM advised me that the BCR singular belt was turning all the time. Found dollar coin in singular transport. Pulled and waited for sco to come up. Found POS Connection error. Found no link lights on Network port. Tested local cable and good. Called HD and tested with 37 network line and received link lights. Was advised to close my ticket out. repunch biscuit jack and successful. Received link lights and rebooted sco twice before it came up. Watched several transactions and successful.
reg 1 card reading not taking any cards so resetting terminal fix the issue. tested by mod Lorena
no faults with dispenser.... tested successfully in pml.. all cassettes passed.. fixed poorly loaded notes in cassettes
Replaced defective pin pad and tested. working fine
Replacement likely. Ordering part 2881078585 (Payment device RP457c) off site.
Found SCO working as designed.  No fault found.
On arrival to SCO50, Kim/CSM mentioned BCR error singulator motor jam. After TS, removed BCR cover and singulator exit chute had stuck coupon and coins. Removed coins and cleaned entire BCR, rebooted unit, all functioning. Tested coin and notes and note $1 bill cassette jammed. After TS, Cassette was overfilled but after removing jam all functioning. Verified/tested with Kim before leaving the SCO.
replaced debit reader due to unit not reading cards. once replaced tested unit and it works.
Suspending for meal break.
replaced debit reader
gl2 paper jammed at back of fuser inside unable to remove paper replaced fuser ops good worked with manager daniek
Dislodged jammed bnr infeed belt at sco 32 to resolve noisy gears.
25 cent hopper jammed with dime and quarter in the exit slot clear.
Upon arrival of spoke to Karla she indicated  They Had The coin hoppers On Self check out 32. Pulled out all coin hoppers and cleaned  them, found a chewed up con in hopper 6. Ran self test with out coins in hopper 6 and fault cleared.  Conducted a purchase after returning sco to check out mode and everything worked properly.  Spoke to Frank since karla was on lunch and debriefed him on the situation and my findings.  Coin was returned to Frank.
sco 46 scanner scale had an offline error, then would not weight once the error cleared after a power cycle. I had to tighten the screws under the metal covering, then it weighed
ce arrived to find reg21 scanner scale not weighing correctly.  ce calibrated scanner scale and then tested with manager carlos who confirmed functionality
Site Visit completed all issues resolved at this time verified by Team Lead Jymmy
I reset the unit and scale still jumping. need a certified tech to put the scale on the floor and Cabaret yhe scale.
store visit
travel
Tightened loose screws on back of BCR that were letting coins fall out. Cleaned all loose coins. Successfully tested dispense/deposit for the BCR. All functioning.
SCO 34 displaying Devices In Error. Called WMHD. The firmware for the Xenon 1900 HHS needed to be updated. ADD ran several times on reboot. Unit and lane test good.
On arrival to register09 display out. After shutting down unit and reseating all cables, all functioning as normal. Verified/tested with Andrew/Supervisor before leaving the site.
Cassette 1 showing rear jam. Checked cassette no jam cleaned sensors and reset lane tested working
trs and repair ss up and functions tested and verify by Mary COS
SCO 48 reject flap open. latched flap back into place and tested operational in PML
completed and verified by Marko from lvl 2
fix security door mount
SNFI checked. bnr has main module error but no physical jam. power cycled bnr and reset. bnr now tests ok. sco tests ok.
could not replicate constant reboot but it did have a jam error in recycler 2. I reset unit and successfully ran multiple  despence and accept with no faults.
no fault found tested and all passed
Arrived to site and inspected unit,  powered off Register and removed keyboard, cleaned surface and replaced some keys with parts of a spare keyboard, rebooted Register and after brought it back to service tested successfully.  Register is up and operational.
replaced reader. tested.
reseated battery on hand held scanner reg 01 tested and device is fully operational
Reset cables and rebooted pos.  Tests good.
symbol scanner not working.  ordering replacement for today.
shut down take spine off back top gear on spines with rod popped off reattach reassemble reload and test
replaced hand scanner cable on self check. tested. working
I spoke to MOD Loretta and after I swapped thin client I contacted helpdesk(stab) and they configured new client and MOD logged in confirming operation. call.closed
Replaced ISC250 on Reg. 2. However, Customer will have to contact Field Support in order to resolve WIC and Gift Card transaction errors. Apparently, there are known Software issues that don't require our services unless Hardware is faulty or broken. Register is still operational and other transactions are able to be carried out thus far.
SNFI Scanned SCO SN. Reseated cashbox and all cables.
replaced coin entry chute
Arrived on site, SCO45 was reported as not accepting coins properly, upon inspection found that the coin chute was jammed with several coins, sticky and poor quality. Cleared the jam, then cleaned entire unit with blower and tech wipe to remove any residue. Tested coin recycler multiple times and found to be in working order, verified by MOD Tori.
removed a quarter and a penny that was jammed between the belt and the case cover.
worked with lvl2 to bring online.working now
No fault found. Witnessed multiple good transactions
Cleaned under scale and reseated cables.  Tests good.
calibrated scale
Cleared jammed bill from lower transport. Launched PML and tested device dispense and accepting. It is working properly.
Scanner scale is showing off used a known working scale from another self check out got same issue contacted help desk they noticed software patches missing updated patches then reboot it still showing offline tried using a known working hard drive-in unit and unit booted up with no issues no scanner error after putting original hard drive back in unit it booted up and became operational
store visit
rxpc91813252898, site #36
t41, site 3601. wrong site, remounted mx915 with spare screws
cleaned card reader lane 93
replaced pinpad
Arrived onsite and csm Ashley.  throughly pmed BNR, entered pml, and performed several tests to confirm working. tested good.
Found that scanner/scale was unplugged. After plugging it back in and rebooting terminal, the customer display came back up and displayed weight properly. All functioning.
Found two quarters with gum stuck in Singulator Exit Chute, removed jam and cleaned BCR. Tested and passed dispense and accept. Returned to service successfully.
Reset hand scanner cable at register 03. working verify by csm Nicole.
watch multiple customers use sco sco accepted and dispensed cash and coins with no issues unit is operational
receipt printer cable at register 06. working verify by csm Nicole
Sco 43 jamming bills on dispense, purge overfull. Inspected and cleaned all transport and sensors. Ensured all sensors normal in pml. Ensured proper operation with customer transaction successfully. Returned to service and closed call.
reseated cables and test
pin pad tested ok
scanner not working, cable loose,  working fine now
I cleaned the sensors in the cash box and the top module.  reset the gsr50 and tested by dispensing notes and depositing them back without issue. as soon as a customer tried to use the terminal the note box full error came back.  suspended to order new cashbox
I replaced the defective cash box, reset the gsr50, tested and verified working properly
Replaced cash note acceptor, took 1hr 20 to update firmware, tst ok
NON-NCR INCIDENT. NO FAULT FOUND. SCO 56 Observed on site as an entire line of customers used debit reader successfully.
replaced defective card reader not accepting chips or swipe. new card reader tested good.
Receded reject gate on coin acceptor
Troubleshooting for RAP station 52. HHS device not scanning items, had beam. Powered down, drained battery, reseated cable to base and register and rebooted. Hand gun working properly. Tested good.
Scanner scale was offline. Reseated the connection cable and rebooted the register. Tested good
reseated cables and test
Touch screen calibration was off. Recalibrated the touch screen
SCO 50 R6L, NCR 7837-3204 Hand-Held Scanner not scanning, hand gun has a beam, rest the battary , reseat USB Base cable on both sides , rest the terminal tested up with manger Ellen it works fine.
SCO 50, hand scanner 4970434414 NCR 7837-3204  not holding charge, will order new one.
Wrong part is ordered.Originalbone is wireless and shipped part is wired one.As I opened and checked the cable from board side was unplugged so it was the main reason of issue.I did reseat the cable then cleaned the contacts. left the handheld scanner on base charger for 5 min ,started charging the battery.It is operational.
ordering part# 2881076974
Aligned belts and dusted unit.  Reset unit.  Tested and working ok.
Reboot SCO all tested good
Reg4 had isc250 umounted, found missing screws. Replaced with what i had available and remounted best i could.
Closed all open doors and cleaned off sensors. Tested dispense/deposit successfully. All functioning.
Replaced Debit Reader on Register 5. Unit is back in service.
replaced defective payment terminal
no fault found tezted coins in and put unable to duplicate issue
Bills stuck in bundler. took them out. cleaned. tested. works.
swapped card reader
ordering cash drawer next day to Goldsboro shed
replaced cash drawer good operation confirmed by team lead shay
replace printer at pharmacy
ce arrived to find reg72 frozen on logon screen.  ce reset unit and then tested with manager carlos who confirmed functionality
no member of management available to access personal office
Zebra printer at bay in TLE not printing. Cable is frayed. Replaced cable. Test prints failing. Called Walmart support. Tech stated that printer will need to be replaced. The store is responsible for ordering this particular part. Informed TLE mgr Brandon of situation. Closing task.
replaced top cassette
scake display corrected
scale disp corrected
cardcreader not reading cards from either slot
symbol scanner not working.  ordering replacement for today.
hand scanner no beam, not scanning. replaced and tested good. replaced cable as well. register 46, guest services desk
worked with tech support to confirm port, speed, and operating.  scanning good, but shows any card scanned as new member. tech sppt worked and all hardware good. software issue causing new member issue. opened Software ticket 21560795 .
replaced and configured 2 debit card readers. Debit card reader is not communicating with logic. Ordering debit card reader
Cleaned the core fans and then double dumped the register.
replaced debit due to alert interrupts
scake disp corrected
reset terminal, tested ok
cabling needed for sco29 helpdesk stefan created ticket multiple pins bad
Reg5 hhs not scanning. power cycled unit and reseated connection, tested and working with training login
I ended up not having to replace the cash box frame on this sco... I took it apart and cleaned it out really well... Unit now works as should
Sticky coin I'm acceptor.  Cleaned and tested
BNR communication error. Reboot with run add. Tested good
replaced pin pad
Diagnosed issue with escalator belt and narrowed the issue down to the singulator motor and fixed the issue.
HHS not scanning items  reseated base and unit start scanning
A63 running call as it needs lock handle and is in his ppk
scale disp corrected
replaced isc250
Reg91 touchscreen was not accurate, reset touch calibration by unplugging display and draining power to touchscreen capacitors. Reseated and tested, much more accurate.
sco was not booting. spoke to support Nick. poer was closed. reopened and tested goos after. sco is up and no issues.
The SCO 33 was up and working fine at arrival. However while on site cleaned the sensors and blow all dust from recycler.  Updated firmware. SCO is up and working fine. Tested ok
reg 4 cleaned pin pad
located parts and Thin Client listed in notes : replaced Thin Client - recorded s/n and MAC in notes : unit intialized downloaded ok  - mngr able to successfully log on - left replaced parts in claims dept
After conflicting tracking number part is not available. Suspending for part. ETA Tuesday FedEx. Tracking number 121895802800.
ordered part 2881076974, Debit Reader for SCO. Task suspended.
rebooted thin client, tested ok
SCO #49 is working.  Bobbi MOM
cleaned chip/swipe slots
cleaned and checked bnr. un plugged and reebooted and cleared after
clean card reader, same issue. replaced card reader.
replaced n loaded debit reg3
replaced debit reader on reg 33
Replaced defective debit reader.
Avalanche had multiple sticky coins stuck. Also sticky coins in eagle acceptor. Took whole BCR apart and cleaned all sensors. Ran a dispense &amp; accept test of 98 cents.  CSM/TL:  Nicole
cleared coin jam
operational on arrival
cleared debris and tested coin recycler. working
trs and replaced defective part up and function tested and verify by  Nuong team lead
SCO 30 BCR not functioning due to coin jam. Jam cleared from coin acceptor, test dispense and deposit successful.
fixed coins issue. tested and good
bnr cable is cut. ordering a new on on a PM
@@@no fault found on unit as the customer had described or had put in the call notes. per Team Lead Autumn issue she was having with sco37 was that it would not dispense cash on transactions like cash back or normal cash transactions giving change back. tested unit dispensed 2 notes of each domination and deposited back in successfully 2 times. also ran a third and final test to try and stress the unit to see if we can replicate the issue dispensed 5 notes of each domination deposited them back in successfully 1 time. unit is back into service and operational. current Team Lead Gail was advised of what was done, and she was advised to keep an eye on sco 37 for any issues like Autumn was describing and if something comes up leave the screen on that error and shut it down put the ticket in so we can diagnose once onsite what the issue is really for remedy@@@
Replaced printer, it was printing faded receipts, tested good after replacing
Replaced hhs and tested in register, using training mode. It is working properly
When I arrived onsite the SCO was in service.  There was a placard stating cards only. No errors on PML. No jam in the BNR or spine.  Blew out BNR and spine. Rebooted SCO with ADD. Tested Successfully
clear jam and coin track, restarted system all errors gone
need to order a cash exception
SCO 43 was in cards only upon arrival. Powercycled BCR. Lane froze. Full ADD reboot. Called WMHD and they cleared CADD files. Another ADD reboot. Unit and lane test good.
cleaned chip/swipe slots
clean sensors tested ok
There is a poor quality coin stuck in the hopper block the exit sensor.  I removed the jam and was able to successfully dispense and deposit multiple coins of each denomination.
CE found no error on the BCR. CE cleaned up the Coin recycler and checked sensors on all coin bins. CE was able to insert and accept change from all 4 cassettes.
cleaned sensors in upper main module. reset and ran add. tested good afterwards.
worked with csm Christi adjusted printer tested with no hardware issues
worked with csm Christi replaced debt reader tested with no hardware issues
Cleaned and reset BNR main module, verified working by TL Yasvell.
Personnel office CBL not connected to network. Display not operational. Display replaced and network port reset with helpdesk representative. Confirmed pingable.
@@replaced printer on connection center.@@
machine was not taking cash replace upper transport dsr-50 with new one. After replacing it it was still not to cash due to a jam in the coin recycler. Clear coin recycler took out multiple coins from the shoe give the most management reset unit try it again still will not take cash. found the bottom cash box and full if it was empty had to go into PML clear the total off completely and reset the unit once again. Have to reset it finally took cash and is now working
Cleared jam, tested OK per Team Lead Cynthia.
Replaced printer to troubleshoot random check issues
the cardreader was not working. I had to reset the unit because it wouldn't scan items. after the boot up it all work in training mode. everything is good
Replaced debit reader that had interrupt message alert.
reseated battery cable for hhs tested fully operational reg 4
Troubleshooted freezing transactions on SCO. Called into Level 2 for any file corruption. Rebooted SCO and DR. Observed transactions. Tested ok.
Sc0 49 replaced debit reader
reseated tangled belts. cleaned and tested bna. ok.
Up and open on arrival. Did bill dispense and acceptance.  All good.
rotor error. reseat pennies and quarters hopper. fault cleared.
cleaned chip/swipe slots
clean debit on 47
found coin recycler with no faults. cash recycler did have fault on cassette 2. to resolve, i reseated and cleaned the bNR with forced air. reset the device and error cleared. sco is back in service.
hard drive is gone. cannot see even number lanes. ordering replacement hard drive
reset unit, tested ok
located coin jam and removed jam issue corrected
Chronic card reader ICC slot failure. Replaced Ingenico ISC250 Sig Cap. Test ICC and magnetic strip slots with test mode transactions. MOD Johnette.
remove coupon from validator input chute
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned chip/swipe slots
Scale was not working at time of arrival. Called Guru to assist. Was instructed to cold boot the scale. Scale is working at time of departure. Verified by Jay.
sco51 rebooting on arrival. found no network lights on head unit and contacted help desk. help desk engaged noc center and got unit back online. rebooted terminal and tested unit is now functioning
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 5. ran tests in training mode and was successful
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
repaired unit test ok ce checked out with manager Shun
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
replaced pick wheel rubber tires cleared paper jam from back cover guide tested with pharmacy tech working fine found that that 2nd paper tray is not seen by the printer ordering new tray assembly
Replaced bottom paper tray. Tested and working.   Confirmed with Melissa Pharmacist.
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
a penny was stuck in exit shute removed penny and resolved fault. watched customers use cash.
reseated cable. killed power to scot. powered back up and booted up. tested ok
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
receipt printer printing faded receipts. cleaned print heads. performed print test. receipts look good. unit in service.
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
replaced debit reader
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
reseat debit to mount register 7
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
reseat reset andvtested debit on mount register 8 opetational.
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
reseat debit to mount reset and tested operatioal register 9
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
Lvl-2 is checking port, clearing sticky-macs and running cable test on port.
Reset port on switch via toner. Went from no signal to open and transmitting. Rebooted SCO.  Called Wal-Mart lvl-2 for further trouble shooting.
Site Visit completed all issues resolved at this time verified by Team Lead Berta
Cleared all pathways of bcr on sco 48 of any jams. Blew out entire bcr with air gun. opened pml. Was getting false indication that recieving bowl was full. This was do to the sensor missing the bracket that holds it in place. Used double sided to hold sensor in place verified working by team lead Eddi
obf drawer have another one in garage will pickup and work my way back there
Checked config and placed into service.
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
Spoke to team lead Beverly, tested each unit in pml. only fault found was with bcr is nearly empty on change. change needs refilled. not ncr incident.
fixed hand scanner
Replaced broken hopper
cleaned sensors rebooted terminal tested good
There was a bill jam and the recycler cassette com cleared the bill jam and tested with no issues
replaced pin pad on reg44
cabling issue call has been moved to cabling team
problem was input belt. reset electronics and rebooted lane
replaced pin pad on reg47
verified that the tray is damaged. ordering a new one. part 8770243938
"arrived onsite and checked in with csm Matt and Maureen. After troubleshooting I found the mainboard failing also the power cable. replaced mainboard, sco booted up but power cable is to loose and shut off. ordering replacement 
part 4970474154"
replaced damaged cable with csm rich
replacd touchscreen and combo board. calibrate  screen and reboot. test screen with no issue
ordered part on different task. sco is working fine
ordering gsr50 note recycler pn: 4970522698 to beechmont FedEx
cleared coin jam. cleaned sensors and chutes. tested. vacuumed bnr, printer, and scale.
on arrival, lane was in use and observed a successful card transaction. cleaned unit with waffle card, reseated cable while on site. observed several more card transactions without issue. checked out with coach Sarah
ordering 4970522699 FUJITSU GSR50 NOTE RECYCLER to beechmont FedEx
pc is much larger than the old one so placed it under the desk. attempted to hook up but the monitor adaptors are 8pin to hdmi and the monitor is VGA with no hdmi option. contacted help desk to have proper adaptor sent. offered to take another adaptor off of another thin client so pc could be set up and ready for when the new adapter arrived and i was told not to. reran cables and hooked up old pc until part arrives. left box next to the pc and informed management of the situation
replaced pin pad and tested in live transactions. tested good.
Reset hhs, then rebooted SCO and tested the scanner multiple times successfully.
Replaced none working debit reader on pos.
Complete Task
I reseated the note acceptor and then rebooted system.  Afterwards I tested SCO with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
site advised handheld scanner on Lane 3 was not functioning scanner cable unplugged at logic receded cable rebooted Lane tested and functioning properly
Troubleshot. Tested with ASM Mark. Cash drawer opened. No fault found. Returned register to normal mode
Zero issues found with lane 31 printer.
reseated power to scale, tested ok,  up open no faults
ts pinpad and is working cleaned icc and msr slot all operational
cleaned and tested debit
cleaned coin recycler
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned debit reader
REPLACED cD and CD cable. New cash drawer tested good with Miguel
cleaned pin pad to help extend life and prevent spread of virus
cleaned debit reader
REDIRECTED BY FSC
CSM MICHELLE, REGISTER 4 FREEZING. DOUBLE DUMPED. TESTED GOOD.
reset cash draw cable at register 02. working verify by csm Nicole
Spoke to team lead Beverly, replaced debit reader and rebooted lane and tested good after load.
Duplicate to SR 8111505512. closing call
replaced debit reader and tested operational with customer transaction
replaced pinpad
replaced def cc reader had helpdesk update configuration tested working fine
sco 50 had a jam on the bcr unit,  I cleared the coins and the error cleared.
chip reader does not work. swapped with new and tested good
inspected and troubleshooting,  jam clear in the coin acceptor,  tested ok. snfi Msta na
replaced signature pen pad reset and rebooted register unit back in service tested with Karen
replaced and tested card reader
replaced pinpad and tested
reg 2 pin pad not responding.  reseated connection
replaced malfunctioning payment terminal.
couldn't get error to clear, replaced recycler, tested fine afterwards
upon arrival and being given access i contacted software support and checked the cash office tellermate pory. we found it was not configured correctly, reconfigured it and tested each of their three working tellermates successfully with the fourth one not working due to having a bad battery. the store has a spare battery and will replace it themselves
reseated cables,  rebooted tested ok
ce arrived to find reg40 hand held scanner not scanning items and with no beam.  ce reseated battery and allowed to charge.  ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager carlos
Bottom of the security scale came off and bent. Removed the bottom black piece (apron) and bent it back to shape. Secured it back in place and cleaned the unit.
replaced debit reader and had ports opened. rebooted and tested.
replaced defective card reader not accepting chips or swipe. new card reader tested good.
ce arrived to find reg16 with a006 printer is failing. ce reseated  cables and rebooted reg16. ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager carlos
sco was in service on arrival with intermittent pin pad chip read issues.  replaced pin pad.  tested it with live transaction and is operational
two bills stuck under bnr belt, cleaned, reset in diagnostics, rebooted, tested and working properly
reseat cable connection testing good  sonaj
O14- Previously arrived onsite and chk'd in w/TL CHERISH. Began to investigate reported issue SCO 35 R6L BCR issue Reject gate open. sco in service in cards only mode on arrival, no errors on bcr controller. Noticed some hoppers at or near empty. PM'd BCR (found reject gate latched properly) and ASSOC KATHLEEN placed sco back into full service (sco went back into service without issue). Tested w/ .99 cents fake transaction; all ops chkd okay. Chk'd out w/ASSOC KATHLEEN.
reboot and tested
cleared debris from entry chute, acceptor.
double dumped the register 91. it was extremely slow and sometimes rebooted by itself also ingenico ISC250 was rebooted by itself that I found the loosed cable and I fixed it. all tests completed without any problem.
Rebooted  recalibrate. test ok.
replaced payment terminal tested good
cleared dust from sensors
Complete Task
Cleaned, all test good in pml
On arrival to SCO49, scanner/scale offline power cycled and rebooted the unit, all functioning as normal. Verified/tested with Kim/CSM before leaving the SCO.
unit in card mode, unit has little to no cash and has been working.
restarted machine and found numerous updates   for self-checkout,  installed all updates and rebooted system, came back up running fine
ewplacez 1 dollar cassette. unit tests good in pml
replaced debit reader and rebooted. tested okay
No fault found. tested and was successful.  reset module in PML and saw no faults in PML. rebooted SCO.  sco back in service
cleaned bill acceptor. reseated and rebooted. tested okay. witnessed customer transaction
replaced debit reader and rebooted. tested okay
found no fault with bill dispenser. Adjusted receipt printer exit. Tested okay.
cleaned debit reader unit tested good
cleaned printer unit tested good
printer online
there is a telephone mounted to the cabinetry of the register. I found there was voltage  between one cabinetry and the other. the culprit was the phone was shorted out causing the problem. I had mgt remove the phone. no stray voltages present. mgt will have electrician inspect it.
While on site for a previous call I found that the belt for the input belt has lost some of its wits is fraying and wrinkling up very badly. Belt will need to be replaced. Ordering part number 497-0466056 for next day delivery to Lafayette Fedex
reseated cables BNR rebooted ran ADD
replaced 5dollar cassette and reseated scanner scale to eliminate on screen error. lane testing  good
cleaned card reader lane 3
sco in card only on arrival went into pml singulator motor error jammed took off bcr cover and found a jam between the belts due to overloading by store removed jam and ran acceptor to accept coins bcr is working properly no issues sco27 in full service
SCO 45 needs hdd but cannot order part on a cloned call. Informed manager Pauline to create a ticket.
CE proactively cleaned the MSR on POS 01
replaced pc with unit supplied by store.  witness Tiffany pharmacist to good functionality.   all verified through bvhd
Replaced fuser and charge roller and cleaned out printer. Tested and working properly
ln96 replaced the HHS with a new unit as the old one would no longer power on. Tested and working just fine.
ordered camera kit to orem FedEx
Complete Task
Complete Task
Team Lead asked me to check reg 1 cash drawer. cable disconnected, rebooted, tested and working
duplicate task
Cleaned and dusted hopper. Reset unit. Tested and working ok.
worked with csm Christi adjusted HHS battery and tested with no hardware issues
replaced and configured 2 debit card readers. Debit card reader is not communicating with logic. Ordering debit card reader
pinpad replaced, tested ok
ordering ISC250
SCO43,coin recycle error not accepting/ dispensing any coins, checked controller board LED's , hopper2 sensor is blacked, removed a piece of paper stuck on this sensor, cleaned all payout sensors, singulator and escalator belts , coin acceptor, 4 way sorter, tested up accepting / dispensing coins with manger Ellen it works fine.
replaced debit reader for alert interruption error
reg 95 battery dead on handscanner, tried  reseated the battery no good, replaced the handscanner and rebooted the register then tested
register 90 handscanner not communicating with the register, reseated the battery and rebooted the register then tested with a transaction
register 1 scale kept saying scale was moving. reseated cables to scale and tested
replaced cables that were chewed by a mouse. scanner/scale is back online and operational.
worked with lvl 2 to test and calibrate scale that was stuck showing scale is moving. once calibrated tested in training mode
replaced register01 debit reader due to not reading chip cards. booted system and ensured unit configured for register. back in service
The site kept moving the monitor and it was pulling the power cord tight and it was not seated all the way causing the monitor to turn off.
cleaned and tested debit
hard drive was determined to be bad. this was a by the way call and CE asked CSM to put in a ticket for this unit so the part can be ordered
per John.. the gsr50 was already replaced and had been working. spoke with CSM. Brandon. verified operational
pm
replacdd bnr
Swapped out DR and verified operation.
replaced defective debit reader and rebooted. unit boots up to Windows Boot Error. ordering new HDD.
reseated battery cable for hhs tested fully operational reg 6
replaced card reader on terminal 69
replaced hard drive reloaded
O21 reg 1 DR was on blank screen with lines through it. ce replaced due to issue.
O21 reg 52 not scanning items. ce unplugged and unplugged in scale no fix. ce did a double dump and reg came back up working with no issues
Used cleaning card on ISC250 on Lane 7
Used cleaning card on ISC250 for lane 8
Used cleaning card on ISC250 for lane 9
Used cleaning card on ISC250 for lane 10
Used cleaning card on ISC250 for lane 11
Used cleaning card on ISC250 for lane 12. Spoke with TL RYAN about issues with Lane 1 ISC250.
CE ordering web pos card reader
ce replaced pinpad, ran ADD and sco tested ok
receded all cable connections going to Thin Client power restored need recalibrated calibrated successfully with help desk support
customer display not showing. replaced customer display. tests ok.
replaced debit reader tested ok
had to tighten the lock for sco 49
replaced cash drawer and tested with a csm
powered reg on, hangs at 2PRN. printer has error light on. powered reg off, replaced printer. powered reg on, up. tested with test txns, working fine. Team Lead on lunch, notified assoc Daisy
checked unit. powered reg off, r/s all cables, powered reg on, up. tested, no change. d/d reg, up. tested, FBS and HHS scanning items fine, verified by Team Lead Krystal.
testing unit, got media failure msg. tried new network cable, same. swapped logic units between positions 93 and 94. called w/m, they set up both positions. powered logic at position 94 on, up. powered logic at position 93 on, media failure msg. tried to trace comm line to network room. per Coach Melissa, she found the lock has been changed, and neither she nor any other Coach has the key. I notified w/m. he said that site would have to have a key to the room for cabling to check issue. notified Team Lead Krystal.
Rebooted, unit recovered &amp; tested ok.  Worked w/CSM Tammy
replaced bad debit reader that was giving card error for all chip cards on sco47. tested unit is now working
Coupon stuck in note acceptor. Removed but connection error appeared. Did reboot with ADD and tested successfully when everything came back up. Check out with team lead Kelly
CE ordering web pos card reader
ce replaced pinpad and sco tested ok
cleared printer jam on Reg 3 while waiting for reboot. tested and working
no fault found display was powered on upon arrival checked  calibration
debit reader needed rebooted along with register. reg 8
trs and repair bcr offline up and functions tested  and verify by Jaraid associate
replaced printer, test good
replaced debit reader and tested operational
Lane 96 not 97. Debit reader is not scanning. Placing order for replacement debit reader
lane thought unit had jam but nothing was jammed. rebooted unit and ran add. lane is back up
replaced debit card reader register 7
Found jammed print jobs in paper tray 2, fuser, and duplex. Troubleshooted printer and discovered only double sided prints were jamming. Removed the duplex, fuser and paper trays to find any obstructions in the paper path. Air dusted and wiped down paths. Reseated the paper trays, duplex, fuser, imaging unit, and toner. Tested printer by sending 10 double sided print jobs to the printer. The printer did not jam up or show any further issues. According to the lexmark guide, the duplex may have come dislodged either during a print job or during a fuser removal. The pharmacist said the fuser maintenance kit was replaced last month. At this time the printer is working properly with no further issues.
TS REG 5, replaced ingenico cardreader, register is now available for service
Recycler out of coins
replaced the card reader
remounted sig cap lane 2
o18- reg 2- Handscanner trigger nor springing back to allow scanning. Unit replaced
cleaned sensors and power cycled. performed multiple transactions
reg 3 pin pad not responding.  reseated connections
removed debris
ran ADD all, and rebooted unit
replaced sc250 payment terminal
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
hand scanner not reading barcodes reseaded battery tested Operational
cleared debris and tested coin recycler. working
complete
Cleaned and adjusted sensors assembly
HHS will not scan,  swap HHS to another lane, problem stays with lane, ordering base.  suspend for parts
Tested and cleaned register. Recalibrated scale and verified all devices have no issues at this time.
LN 51. PERFORMED PRINTER HEAD CLEANED AND ADJUSTMENT.  SYSTEM REBOOT AND WORKING OK.
tech w98 onsite for different call.  HHS not scanning.  has beam, makes beep, nothing on screen.   swap HHS with another lane, problem stays with lane.   run add and reboot.  error persists.  contact L2, delete cadd files,  run Add error persists.  lane is rebooting when anything is scanned.   ordering new base
scanner base is not charging and scanner replaced base and tested. All devices functioning correctly. work verified by CSM Cindy.
replaced def unit tested lane site all good
I cleaned card reader chip and swipe slots with card reader cleaner.
I cleaned card reader chip and swipe slots with card reader cleaner.
Bcr was jammed with a coupon, I disassembled bcr completely, cleared jam, unit tested successfully
I cleaned card reader chip and swipe slots with card reader cleaner.
I cleaned card reader and then tested SCO card reader with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
receipt printer damaged will need replacement
I cleaned card reader chip and swipe slots with card reader cleaner.
no fault found, person who put ticket in was on lunch and nobody else was aware of anything wrong with lane
SCO #39 keeps rebooting when scanner triggered. Called BVHD  and found reboot loop. cleared file and rebooted to same issue. BVHD said to suspend and order/repkace hard drive 8770305405
HD failed.  HD replaced and configured.  BVHD to finish loading files.  BVHD said to close the task.
CE proactively cleaned the MSR on POS 02
reset hand scanner cable at register 09. working verify by csm Nicole
replaced defective hhs
found head unit has no link lights. contact level 2 hd and reset the port successfully. system boots to start scanning screen and all devices tests good during live transactions
Replaced jumper from port1 on switch to slot 2 &quot;Reg 78&quot; on punch down. Worked with Stan, tested by William.
replaced debit reader and tested fine.
card reader not reading chip cards,  ordering replacement card reader
Upon arrival found cash acceptor error. Cleaned bill disp, bill accp and cash box, coin accp and hoppers. Tested all devices in pml and returned sco to service.
O21 replaced dr due to not reading icc cards
pm
no error on BCR was present when CE arrived. BNR was showing red lights. after thoroughly cleaning the unit and then running runallADD the unit tested good
scanner was reporting offline reseated bed scanner cables and rang up multiple items.
Checked network cable. Ran ADD all. Shutdown for five minutes then Rebooted SC0. All errors and ram cleared.Firmware updated. Booted up with no errors. SCO 39 is up and selling.
verified that the unit is fully functional
will not connect the scanner to the register, I paired the device, I paired the device and went into pml and added device rebooted, no success, paired device added and rebooted on the register still did not work,called number and talked to HD they tried patch and rebooted still will not scan, ordering a new hand scanner
replaced defective debit reader and tested device successfully
installed new speakers  and sounds is good now.
intermittent debit not taking chip cards. supposedly replaced before for same issue.  replace again. power fail-reset logic power.  reboot.
fixed hand scanner
Help desk tried to configure thin client on switch. Found thin client broadcasting and pinging but failing to connect fully. Replacement for end of life scheduled.
couns jammed in recycler. cleared jam tested good kiantae team lead.
Help desk was able to get unit online but unit is end of life. Replacement ordered by help desk.
Cleared of jammed the note acceptor validator and cleaned the BCR BNR of SCO register #44, reseated the scanner scale cable and restarted the register several times  as it always off line when it come up. The register and its peripherals are fully functioning now as attested by Team Lead Ammar
Reseated unplugged and plugged the power and peripheral cables and double dump register #2. The register and its peripherals are fully functioning now as attested by store Team Lead MJ
replaced debit reader
replaced card reader
no fault found, fully functional upon arrival
sco was reporting spine was not attached.  signed 8nto pml and could not get to clear. powered off sco. and reseated all cables for spine and bnr. passed all test.
replaced debit reader and tested
Networks in would blink and then go out that come back on replace the cable got the same problem change the port called the help desk had them reconfigure the Newport tested it everything's working good now
suspending to run a type 1 call that just came in will run next
swapped out pin pad for self-checkout 38
Replacement likely. Ordering part 2881078585 (Payment device RP457c) off site.
ingenico rp457 will not pair with ipad, per Marko to order another unit and pin.
ordering cash drawer and cable.
I replaced the defective card reader and had L2 reset the com port.  tested and verified working
reset coin recycler and tested with Karen unit back in service
Apparently after the replacement of the hard drive the scanner scale has been having offline issues. To the best of my knowledge this self check out has been shut off completely for at least a couple of days. I booted it up this morning it completed its boot up in about 15 minutes and is completely in service. Ran 3 customers through it for fast fail testing testing is successful. No faults found.
remove coins from acceptor chute clean sensor tested its with customers ok
Complete Task
on arrival - SCO in service fully operational - entered PML and tested BCR dispense &amp; accept - no faults - inspected GR50 BNR no faults, cleaned sensors - returned sco to service without faults
replaced debit
worked with level two to get connectivity back to pc in personnel office.
suspending to run financial call
unit printing dark legible receipts
reseat scanner cables and reboot tested its with customers ok
rebooted the time clock and everything tested okay.
I cleared a coin jam from the coin acceptor and then tested SCO with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
cleared bill jam
replace card reader
replaced debit reader for not accepting cards
Cleaned sensors on the spine. And tested SCO31 succesfully. SCO is up and working fine. Tested by Griselda Manager on duty
replaced and loaded software on bnr in selfcheckout
scale was zerod out on arrival. as it should be. ran a simple corner test using 10 pounds, scale is in tolerance with a range of 0.01. ran a build test as well, tolerance remains good within 0.01 range. stickers are from 4-2021. scale is up to date, and certified already. no veriform reports necessary here.
reset unit cleaned bcr
replaced defective part
trs and repair ss and bcr up and functions tested and verify by Jay team lead
verified issue. replaced debit reader.  configured.  called hd for update. unit now up and working as intended.  tested ok.
CE proactively cleaned the MSR on POS 03
SS ON LANE 3 DEAD. USED PARTS FROM DEAD SS TO GET LANE BACK IN SERVICE FOR SITE
sco 45 working good upon arrival.  Found a BNR jam, two $1. Fixed jam and rebooted sco.
Contacted help desk about self check out freezing and lagging helped us dated this could be because the rap station has not been revolted in several days he checked rap station it has not been re booted in 7 days so he re booted and said this should clear up the issue
replaced defective card reader on checkout 3
replaced defective card reader, ok.
Reset dell 3040. took a long time to load but came up. Rebooted system to verify lane would boot properly again and it did faster. Had shop test and it is now working. Confirmed with Dennis Tle Service
duplicate call.  issue already resolved on previous ticket. Confirmed with Denis Tle Service Tech
replaced cable. plugged cable into correct port
reseated cables, cleaned,reset,tested ok in training  mode. rebooted,called a cashier, tested again with cashier Norma in a retail mode and a customer's transaction ok.
replaced tested card reader
replaced 5s cassette sco 51
no fault found machine is fully operational and ready for use
found dime in quarter hopper
Complete
cleared jammed coins from 8 way diverter, tested
no faults nor jams found. possibly an inbalance on physical cash count to cash management.
unit has bad hard drive ordered new hard drive to the west plains location
Cleaned printer and ran 18 a.c. Placed in service and tested with CSM  Shea. Fully functional.
switched out debit reader and tested working fine now
BCR has coins clogged behind the eagle recognition box, box is not seated properly and is preventing coins from falling into the hoppers. CE cleared all coins then reseat the box. PML dispense and accept tests are successful, repairs verified by the CSM-Sandy
Reseated cables to GSR50 and tested thoroughly in PML. No further issues.
SCO 30 BNR main module not communicating with head unit, removed power and usb comms cable from BNR main module, reset PML application and reconnected power on comms, after BNR reboot, relaunched PML open Cash changer recycler and tested BNR dispense and accept tests successfully. SCO 30 is fully operational.
Replaced Defective Actuator.   store unable to locate cash box at this time
cleared bcr coin jam on sco 43 and confirmed operational
Lane 26 debit was not taking cards, replaced and rebooted with HD assistance. Tested ok after servicing
cleared bcr coin jam on sco 44
replace BNR
Unit was in use when I arrived. Watched customers use hhs successfully. It is working properly.  I cleaned the contact points.
printer turned off
12v usb cable on logic was not plugged in all the way. it was partially plugged in to give it power but not enough to make it work. reset cable and rebooted the register. tested multiple times with no issues
replaced debit reader
SCO46,coin recycle error not accepting/ dispensing any coins, checked controller board LED's , singulator exit sensor sensor is blacked, removed sticky penny stuck on this sensor, cleaned all payout sensors, singulator and escalator belts , coin acceptor, 4 way sorter, tested up accepting / dispensing coins with manger Ellen it works fine.
reseated battery on hand held scanner reg 02 tested and device is fully operational
Tech found bent pins on the bottom of the dime hopper. Repaired, all test good.
Called networking support. figured out switch was offline due to loose power cable connection reseated cable and switch powered back on along with the registers.
rebooted register 25. verified functionality when up in service. register is up and running.
cleaned bcr input sensors
cleaned bnr top module
I cleared a jammed dime from the coin acceptor and then tested with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
SCO shows that the there are 2.30 dollars in nickels, but there are none in the coin cassette. CE let Kay know and she was going to talk to her supervisor of doing an audit on the SCO.
BNR working on arrival,  saw customers using it with out any issues.
sco 34 debit r reader not reading chip. replaced
previously repaired on Pm- cleaned unit and tested
cleaned and reset setting on pin pad
reseated the cable for the scanner on sco45. it wasn't recognized the barcode. all tests completed without any problem
ordering part on pm task 7111507900
The debit reader of was not reading chip cards, claimed the chip reader and test it with no issues
cleared debris and tested. working
replace cable  reboot and test okay.  csm crystal
Replaced pennies hopper and ran ADD for updates. Tests all good now with customers
checked in with TL nick and store associate kristen at reg 44. tested card reader with card. transaction failed. will not swipe or read cards. ordering DR isc250.
SCOT36 cleared jam and tested verified operational by Team Lead Berta
inspected unit, found handle lock nut backed off, resecured handle, tested good.
replace debit reader
cleaned dirty spine sensors software glitched rebooted lane made sure still funcrional
reg 44 debit reader was frozen. re seated cables and was good
cleaned spine sensors and tested bnr to ensure properlyf unctioning
cleared jam in receipt printer
Issue not occuring at the present time.
Complete Task
Complete Task
Cleared coin from under hopper wheel which was causing the hopper to seize.
pm
review SNFI clean and test rebooted and run add
This pharmacy PC has an active network connection. Provided MAC address to Vladimir @ helpdesk and he found the network port for this PC is set to wrong VLAN. Vladimir corrected switch port settings. Rebooted PC and pharmacist Ashlyn successfully logged into Connexus app. Connexus completed update and rebooted PC. A pharmacy tech logged into Connexus app again, task complete.
wasn't getting link lights receded both ends of the cable to get it working
replaced hdd.
removed jammed coins from BCR and cleaned with air. unit operates normal.
Replaced debit reader on self-checkout 24.
Cleaned payment terminal chip contacts and tested fine no other issues present.
reseated cables, Rebooted SCO, no fix. 11-0-0-112--99. corrupt CADD files, updated by WM TS, rebooted,  should be good.
check out with Coach Ron.  asked if there were any other outstanding issues, he stated there were none,  site visit complete
coach Ron asked if I could tape frayed HHS cord.  repair complete
verified issue. unit had coin jam. cleared. unit now up and working as intended.  tested ok.
Replaced debit card reader on register 67 in Electronics and tested. Tested good.
Replaced damaged cable.
fixed scanner scale.
.
double dumped register 1 unit is scanning properly
Issue resolved on previous task via HHT. No other issues present.
replaced coin acceptor.  tested good. spoke to Adrian csm.
Replaced missing HHS, Chris CSM confirmed.
O58 5GB msr keypad physically torn from display. connector is ruined. (photo attached) suspending ticket to order PN:8770242216. will overnight to fedex in lawton. call will need to be charged upon replacement.
clean sensors clear media debris, reload with add okay
Complete Task
lanes 190 and 194 need debit reader cables,ordered 2 debit reader cables
Bill recycler had a jammed infeed belt, released the belt and the fault cleared. Bill accept and dispense while in service was successful. Repairs verified by the CSM-Sandy
cleaned and tested debit
replaced debit reader, tested with transaction
SCO46 debit/credit reader not reading chip. replaced, configured debit/credit. contacted  Walmart HD agent set COM ports and rebooted SCO . observed  multiple transactions in production mode, working as designed. reported resolution to Team Lead Jarret.
Adjusted the paper in the receipt printer. Tested good. performed and witness live transaction.
inspected unit, note jammed in recycler, cleared and retested, unit healthy and back in service.
kiosk 34 pin pad had no power when I arrived, I found the usb unplugged. I powered it on and it came online with no issue
Complete Task
when I arrived on-site, register 28th was in use by customers, who were clearly using the scanner scale in order to scan their purchases. I kept an eye on this and watched out for issues anyone might be having, while I had to look at a different register for which I was at the store also. I spoke to staff at the self-checkout who pointed out that the handheld Scanner was bound vcd tightly to its holder with packing tape, and that they've been informed that the pan held was not working, hence the tape, and the staff also reported that they had not witnessed any issues with the scanner scale. after cutting the handheld free I tried scanning to see what would happen, since it was producing a bean. turned out the scanner works properly, and both me and Associate Mari were you able to scan products without any difficulty. just to be sure I tried scanning and Weighing on the scanner scale and it worked fine for me. If the reported issues we're present earlier in the day, they went away on their own, possibly via a register restart at some point. in any case I was unable to observe the reported issues. Thanks all!
debit reader needs replacement.
I cleaned both MSR and ICC slots for payment terminal on SCO 48, rebooted SCO, observed customer transactions and they went through successfully.
clean sensors tested ok
Ordered customer supplied case base and cables. Closed call per HD.
Replaced pinpad due to existing one not reading cards. Tested.  Works.  Confirmed by manager Dylan
CE proactively cleaned the MSR on POS 04
Worked with Helpdesk to reset bagging option.
reset pin pad and test
Troubleshooted recyler top module error. Cleaned debris from recycler and tested. Observed transactions. Tested ok.
suspending for mandatory break
replaced debit with csm natacha
Clean Cash acceptor confirmed status in PML ran add and Rebooted
Cleared media debris in coin acceptor and dispenser.
@@@replaced defective f309 printer. that was printing faded and streaked receipts. after replacement and firmware update unit is back into service and operational@@@
reset unit and test back up
Arrived on site to diagnose the BCR issue. once on site i found that customers were using the SCO and it had no faults on the BCR. SCO 24 is up and operational.
replaced debit reader
Remove stuck coins at diverter module.  Call L2 for support.  SCO #47 is working.  Bobbi MOM
found power cable to Bill acceptor unplugged. plugged in rebooted system tested operation all is good
Spare HH Scanners is missing battery compartment. Replacement will be exchanged  on 26 April.
handscanner not communicating with register.  scanned barcode and rebooted reg 90. scanned several items with no issues.
Replaced broken display mount.
Unable to clear whatever is stopping chips from being inserted.  Replaced DR
I cleaned card reader and then tested with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
check and tested and working fine
the store removed the jam and tested terminal with the store lead.
Register was frozen. I rebooted system and performed a double dump. After it rebooted I tested register with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
replaced debit reader. unit o f with tamper fault. ordering another reader.
logical coin count was off sco44 thinks it has coins and doesn't unit has no faults and only issue is on wm side due to cash management informed associate to purge and reload sco and it will be fine in service card only non ncr incident
reset hand scanner battery unit tested good
power cycled. tested all ok
ce arrived to find reg94 isc250 debit reader having issues with touch screen and pin pad. ce used in hand parts to replace debit reader and cable. ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager bailey
replaced broken hand scanner, tested ok
CE arrived to the location to investigate the issue with the hobart scale in bakery. CE found no ping on the network for the scale and went ahead and replaced the patch cable. CE was unsuccessful with the new patch cable, and reseated connection from the network cable to the switch once traced down. CE found no further issues from here as the scale was starting to broadcast on the  network from here.
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
pm
found msr in working condition. cleaned and returned to service
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
chkd lane,scale wont calibrate, tl kimi will call in lane for parts ordering
replaced forcibly damaged card reader and cable. ok.
Handscanner gun was missing screw and battery.  Replaced handheld scanner and chord, ran ADD to confirm firmware.
cleaned card reader
Replaced the defective debit reader here and had lvl2 address the issue with missing QR code. once all issue were fixed I tested the unit live and had a successful transaction. unit is now fully operational and functioning properly.
sco 46 card reader works fine with debit and credit cards but will not take discount cards, this is a software issue. hd said this is a known issue and they are working on a fix but dont currently have one. when they do it will be downloaded to the card readers. I called hd to have them fix it or escalate it. hd said this is a known issue and they are working on a fix but dont currently have one. when they do it will be downloaded to the card readers
Reset SCO 36, no issue found
on arrival lane was up and accepting cash. customer reported chronic spine jams. cleared a fragment of a bill from the spine and tested 100 notes in pml. lane is ubis
cleaned coin validator on multiple machines
Ordering a replacement hand scanner
clear 2.54 coin jam from bcr pm sco andvtest
cleaned coin validator on multiple machines
Replaced ISC250 on reg3 for Unathorized error
clean BNR sensor and tested its with customers ok
replaced faulty debit reader and tested no issues
cleaned coin validator on multiple machines
replaced the fuser and test printed from pc and network settings
replaced defective pinpad. tested and verified working correctly in training mode. checked out with lead Jodi.
replaced debit reader,tested ok
debit reader not secured to mount, removed sneeze gaurd, added mount screws and set screws, secured debit reader on mount, put sneeze gaurd back on, functioning properly
replaced defective power buttom
On arrival to SCO44, Kim mentioned coins not dispensing. After TS, noticed heavy jam on at escalator belt. After removing jam rebooted the unit, coin acceptor jam. Noticed coin exit to diverters blocked by paper removed paper, all functioning.Verified/tested in PML with Kim before leaving the site.
cleaned and tested the scale
O21 SCO 46 was told reycelers wont lock. Ce fixed cassette so they lock by setting lock in correct spot. BRITINI
replaced the recycler and test
per TL Hunter requested SCO 49 need to recalibrate. recalibrate Scale.test and verify all is good. update and check out with TL Hunter
lane down, windows not loading, picked up hdd replacement,  replaced,  configured new hdd, rebooted. waited until process is completed, contacted helpdesk started patches
completed
replaced the whole ingenico ISC250, adjusted the host port, rebooted it twice, talked to Walmart helpdesk (nick) pinpad was on the wrong page,he update the maintenance page and unit updated successfully. no other issue found. all tests completed without any problem monitored customers with real transaction by team leader and lisa
machine was very dirty.  cleaned with air and tested in PML.  machine is operational
cleaned payment terminal. customers are using
Troubleshooting for register 10. Debit reader no longer on mounting bracket as it is continually being knocked off by customers in wheel chairs, sitting on counter. TL Gail requested that I resecure debit reader in such a way as to prevent this from happening. TL gave permission to relocate sneeze guard in order to enable debit reader to tilt backwards and therefore up out of the way of customers. Remounted debit reader, added extra screws to properly secure.
us143w59 Replaced unit that would not read smart chip cards. replaced and tested, working as intended.
on arrival unit working, watched live transaction
debit reader replacement
debit reader replacement
Verified lane operation
upon arrival sco in full operation observed customers using without issues followed up with csm jomin who said he was not aware of any issues
replaced coin Chute import
ordering HDD as per call notes.
replace hard drive and start reimage, as per helpdesk suspend call I will check back @2:30 to see progress
Occasionly reports coin count low when it isn't.  Clear cache count with lead. Verified bins are empty in pml. Inspected BCR. No ncr issue detected
complete
Debit froze, tried to reboot still not responding. Replaced debit reader.
Complete Task
Verifone had a black screen and unresponsive. Cashier stated it had went down recently. Replaced Verifone. Was told that register had also been acting erratic. Performed a double dump. Verifone not wanting to accept cards on returns. Contacted help desk. Help desk checked communications between register and controller. There is communication, but help desk did discover a software glitch that is causing issues with the Verifone reading cards on this register.. Help desk escalated issue to field support.
not reading chip cards or swipe cards, replaced, tested good
SCO 44, R6L+ NCR 7837-3204 Hand-Held Scanner not scanning, hand gun has a beam, rest the  battary and reseat BASE cable on both sides rest the terminal tested up with manger Ellen it works fine.
replaced debit reader and tested operational
CSM Jetanya ask me to get the scanner scale working and stop the bagging scale from working. I reseated the Scanner scale and called Walmart HD to configure the bagging scale to not come on. I then tested SCO with CSM Jetanya to her satisfaction.
reg 43 printers was off. now back up
No faults detected; Touchscreen is working fine. Card Reader also tested good!
cleaned card reader and tested
replaced with maintenance kit Shipped to store. please return used parts with supplied shipping label.
replaced debit reader
Replaced pen pad on self check out 33
Unplugged scale and cleaned thoroughly.  Rebooted lane then plugged scale back in and it now is online
alert irruption failure replaced device. performed successful debit transaction
replaced debit reader on reg 6.
ts ipad used 2 cases and different cable also different chargers, unit charging extremely slow, 15 minutes and 1% . spoke with L2 luka, unit will be shipped to site. john mod
replaced debit card reader sco 50
No issue found, debit readers on all sco register working without issue. Verified with CSM- Gail
cleaned 33 bcr
travel
Working on arrival. Reseated USB cable, ran CADD, rebooted. Tested and passed.
cleaned and tested
replaced epson on reg91 new unit is working
No fault found on sco 35 scanner scale both scale and hhs register  items correctly.  Verified working properly by Jolene.
No fault found. Register in service and performing transactions.
reg 4 d debit reader showing alert irruption. replaced
Replaced top dual bin recycler.
PMd whole unit and tested successfully back in service
cleaned note recycler. tested fully ok
Cleaned GSR50 and BCR.  checked for jams. sco 50
cleaned sensors in upper main module area. tested good afterwards.
Arrived on site to diagnose the GSR50 issue. once onsite i found that the Top recycling cassette had a bad sensor. once I replaced the cassette and ran ADD all errors are now clear. I reinserted all Currency removed from old cassette and the module is working properly. SCO 10 is now back in service.
Arrived on site to diagnose the GSR50 issue. once onsite and inspection of the GSR50 i found a torn piece of paper blocking one of the sensors. i removed the paper and ran diagnostics. once they were complete all errors have now cleared.
hand scanner not pairing or scanning, replaced and tested fine
SCO 23, cleaned sensors and belts and dust from bnr and spine. also cleaned bcr. ran ADD, bnr firmware  updated, and i tested bnr. error cleared.
card reader issues,  cleaned and tested fine
cleaned reader and tested fine
replaced BNR cable.  tested in PML and witnessed multiple uses.  machine is operational
Recalibrated the sco and the unit was working normal
Complete Task
Complete Task
Complete Task
Claims Thin Client - tcupc01 - MAC: 008064d81e0a - Stuck on Smart system.  Troubleshooting. Check and reset all connections. Adjust. Check lan cable in both sides. Reboot. Tested by team lead. Problem Solved
Replaced defective cash box frame and successfully tested system
Complete Task
No jam or fault found. Rebooted SCO and cleaned sensors. Tested ok
switched out old ipad with newone, tested with lead makenzie, test successful. lane fully functional
reroute next call
Checked in with Store Manager Benji, SCO 43 receipt printer working fine on arrival, no fault on equipment
reseated  cables for double pick. rebooted, and shows no error
Replaced and properly configured web POS hard drive no other issues present.
cleared bill jam from belts. testing good.
pin pad on lane 6 not able to insert card. debris. I cleared a sticker from slot. tested afterwards. tested good.  no issues. all operational.
ce is placing an order for a replacment isc250 cable
reg 7, debit card reader not secured to stand secured to stand tested good
replaced hhs cable, working
replaced defective isc250 on reg 68 tested fully operational
Retipped patch cable due to bad connection, kiosk back online and confirmed pinging
Replaced battery and charged. Functioning properly. Csm tested.
Cleaned devices.
switched out debit reader and tested working fine now
Adjusted scanner scale position level in housing
cleaned and tested debit
replaced debit reader
cashier showed me the SCO she reported.  actual number is 37.  reset scale zero.  cleaned sco
BCR offline.  Checked cables, twp cables lose found. rebooted lane 34
Complete Task
reroute next call
troubleshoot reseat adjust align level reload test in training mode
Complete Task
Jam in coin acceptor. Removed jam, reseated acceptor &amp; tested operation.
Complete Task
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
found bad coin jam in recycler apparently caused by someone trying to put in too many coins at once. cleared jam and faults and tested good afterward. unit currently operational.
belt slipped off, reseated belt...
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on SCOs 45,55,51.
spoke with lvl2 reboot ateb and tested upc room cooling not functioning, advised store coach Scott that needs to be resolved to prevent equipment from overheating.
PML showed configuration errors at all of the recycler modules, indicating that likely what they needed was to be readded/have firmware updated by the system (via ADD). doing so brought all of the recycler modules two proper operation again. the register is now in use again by customers, and accepting cash. Thanks all!
replaced SSD. attached picture of what was displayed when I tried to boot up the lane. says critical driver missing or corrupted. noticed helpdesk and marko sent updates to the device.
removed jammed penny in hopper and tested ok in PML.
Able to sign in to unit. No problem found.
reseat power and reboot reg test good manager Miatlia
reg 4 cleaned pin pad
Lane stuck in boot loop, not connecting to network. Traced network cable, reseated connections &amp; rebooted lane then tested operation.
lvl had to build ticket for lvl 2 printer on fishing license pc will.not see printer on network
scale scanner no power. tried reseating cable did not help. take whole scale to lane six and power up. bad USB cable. informed team lead Flor CE will order part sameday.
bnr main module replaced
reseated all cables, rebooted register.  scale is weighing.
reg 44 printer back online
TS, card reads intermittently, replaced, reboot, BM file still loading with lane is open didnt sync with app, reboot again, finally came up tested verifed working and checked out. Couldnt process pinpad for some reason ES app doesnt see it, was transfered from another tech and email shows successful transfer, uninstalled ES and reinstalled still not showing.
Able to sign in to unit. No problem found.
Scanner scale wasn't weighing item placed on it. Files were corrupt and worked with HD Ned to clear corrupt files. After a reboot, SCO back in svc and operational.
replace tray rx printer
part being ordered by critical
reset scale and cleaned all sensors gsr50 and BCR SCO 39
cleared debris out of the check flip area reg 3 tested ok with the site
very busy store. cleaned the very dirty bill acceptor and reseated the controller card, cleared errors and tested ok with a customer's transaction and Belen.
Register 05 debit reader failing to read cards, re-set debit  reader, checked host port, and tested successfully.
I relinked the hhs to its base, tested and verified working properly
verified that the tray is damaged. ordering a new one. part 8770243938
replaced printer tray
Complete Task
SCO 27 DR intermittently not accepting cards. DR replaced and configured with helpdesk.
not turning on
Ordering replacement
Customer reports the scanner/scale not functioning.  Upon arrival I found the Scanner Scale working as I observed a WM Customer make a large purchase with many items.  What I did find after the Customer left was that the Scale was reading 0.29 lbs without anything on it.  I removed the scale cover and inspected the scale area and found some debris.  I cleaned debris, replaced the cover, and zeroed out the scale.  I tested this scale against other scales with the same weight and they all registered the same weight.
checked on functionality of register and tested
tightened security screws for loose debit. check handscanner
replaced defective debit reader with new unit working on sco36
Complete Task
checked and tightened de it reader.  checked handscanner
Site Visit completed all issues resolved at this time verified by COS Diane
Replaced BNR main module and reset core for updates. Tests all good now with customers after reset
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on SCOs 48 47,44.
reset cables to sigcap from selfcheckout
reg3. replaced the debit reader with another one and cycled power and allowed unit to download needed files then come into production. tested and unit is working
cleaned reader and tested. tested good
Replace then Pat on self checkout 51 due to broken contact the and ICC slot on 10 pad.
clean restart test good before after 43
replaced debit reader,tested ok
Debit reader replaced
Register 25 handscanner and base are being ordered on another call.
I cleaned the singulator exit chute and coin acceptor. BCR is working fine.
Resolve issue with remote scale display
resolve issue with remote scale display
cash drawer wont open. // I replaced cash drawer. unit opened 3x for csm
reseated battery on hand held scanner reg 03 tested and device is fully operational
after double dumping the unit it tested good
register issue
Register 91 hand scanner has no audible sound when scanning or charging, shut down lane, replaced defective hand scanner, powered on lane and linked new scanner to base, after boot up tested lane successfully on live customer transactions. Register 91 is fully operational.
problem was bnr cleared jamm tested aok verified aok with mod
ordering the fuser unit replacement.
Replaced maintenance kit
problem was ss reset calibrated tested verified aok with mod
Complete Task
Complete Task
Upon arrival, gsr50 unable to dispense or accept notes. Tech troubleshooted and cleaned sensors, no blockage found in system and no errors showing in PML. Tested dispense/accept functions in PML with no issue. System working normally. Checked out with lead Jammie.
Upon arrival, sco 38 not dispensing coins. Tech troubleshooted and found no issues. Tested dispense/accept functions in PML with no issues and cleaned sensors throughout. Checked out with lead Jammie.
Complete Task
scale functions as expected, fully operational
suspending to run financial call
replaced debit reader,  configured,  rebooted,  tested ok
A coupon was jammed at the gsr50 note acceptor. Removed coupon and sprayed out gsr50. Tested and it accepted and dispensed fine
Complete Task
Cleaned scanner/scale and removed debris. Adjusted leveling bolts as scale wasn't leveled. Tested with certified weights. Verified by shift lead Josh.
same site arrival, checked in with CS Hillary.  retrieved bad unit from office. replaced HHS, had to charge battery, and tested successfully.  checked out with CS Hillary.
same site arrival, checked in with CS Hillary.  retrieved bad unit from office. replaced HHS, had to charge battery, and tested successfully.  checked out with CS Hillary.
Arrived on site to diagnose the GSR50 issue. once on site it was showing an error with the cash box frame. after cleaning sensors and multiple reboots I was able to geg the error to clear. SCO 4 is now back in service.
Found damage to cardreader  back 2 holders. I replaced cardreader, secured cardreader on bracket. Register is up and running securely.
site stated that it was not reading any cards including credit and debit cards.  replaced and tested successfully by front end lead
Repair sticking cash drawer. Tested OK.
no fault found in normal operation on arrival tested ok sco 46
suspending to order new monitor
ce replaced hhs on reg 91
reseat memory and riser cards. double dumped register. occasionally freezing up during card transactions.  reloaded debit application
reg 42 debit reader down back up after re seat and re boot
cleared piece of plastic in validator was told debit reader was not taking cards replaced
Replaced debit reader
Performed light PM on register 2. Confirmed with MOD Angela.
worked with mgr Kyle
Performed light PM on register 3. Confirmed with MOD Angela.
replaced debit reader and verified working condition with CSM
csm Alicia. clip on coin acceptor was not shut. shut coin acceptor and was able to place transaction and receive coin back as change.
Troubleshoot and replace debit card reader
Someone stuck paper inside the card reader, DR showed alert Irruption when staff tried to dig it out. Replaced Debit reader.
arrived on site,  located the defective card reader,  replaced it,  updated settings,  ran tests...up and running.
SCO stick on elevate WebPos / device broker.  Deleted Cad via WMHD support and tested unit successfully when it came back into service.
replaced bad DR and tested good afterward with customer transaction. unit currently operational.
helpdesk replaced corrupt files, reboot with a.d.d.  now gets bag scale error, helpdesk reconfigured, reboot with a.d.d. tested live icc card transaction and working properly
Cleaned and tested debit reader and found it to be working normally.  No issue found with this device
Cleaned DR
Reseated connection and rebooted terminal. Tested and all OK. Spoke2 Lida.
replaced debit reader with new due to freezing. once replaced tested unit and it worked ok
replaced bill acceptor sco 55
replaced debit reader due to freezing. after replacement tested unit and it works ok
replaced defective debit card reader rebooted register explained MOD Gabby
replace receipts printer and reboot tested its with customers ok
complete
cleaned reciept printer print head on register 48.
Cleaned BNR
cleaned and tested good
replaced cable and tested
repl debit and test
replaced defective debit reader on sco47 new unit is working
Replaced debit reader, tested OK per Team Lead Rosa
SCOT14 arrived onsite system fully operational tested and verified operational by Team Lead Mariah
Scale is fine. testing right. no issue
I replaced the debit reader and tested with CSM Iris
Re-seated Printer cable and disapated capacitance from printer. restarted system. Error code A006 Printer Failure is cleared. System functioning at time of departure. Verified by Willie.
replaced defective pin pad on reg one
reset unit and tested
Cleaned bcr, rebooted reset. test ok.
membership ipad had cash Mark's on the pins not allowing them to charge helpdesk ordered 2 new bases and arms.
ce arrived to find reg18 running slow and freezing during transactions.  ce performed double dump and then reconfigured terminal for reg18. ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager carlos
replaced and tested bna in PML no $5.00 in recycler
The cash box frame I installed two weeks ago is OBF... Installed another one and unit works as should
run double dump on the reg working properly tested by Heather Team lead
cleaned sensors that where causing errors. tested with csm
cleaned exit sensor. sco working now.
DR showing alert irruption. Call suspended to order new DR. Will follow up upon receipt of part.
Replaced DR. New DR not communicating with terminal. OBF DR. Call suspended due to EOD. Will follow up on next shift.
Cleaned under scale and reseated cables.  Weighs and scans well.
SCO 36 is stuck on WebPos-device-broker-debit reader.  I spoke with the Walmart helpdesk, who told me to reboot the lane, and that the ticket would hereafter be pushed elsewhere due to the new debit reader configuration at this store.
Worked with STAB team to perform terminal maintenance and correct negative balance issue. Verified working when complete.
SCO 31 stuck on WebPos-device-broker-debit reader.  I spoke with Walmart helpdesk, who told me to reboot the lane, and that the ticket would hereafter be pushed elsewhere, as is the standard for WebPos errors and the new debit readers at this store.
transporter merchandise belt is not under our cover yet. thia part is under facility maintenance, I explained to the team leader and I given her the number that store need to be calling for this issue. I collected the information after I talked to the darko in Walmart helpdesk.
DR not reading employee discount carts.
"While on site for a previous call I found that the belt for the input belt has lost some of its wits is fraying and wrinkling up very badly. Belt will need to be replaced. Ordering part number
497-0466056 for next day delivery to Lafayette Fedex"
Replaced built on self check out. Loaded units backup tested thoroughly with objects over 1/2 pound successfully. Sensor lights at end of belt are working correctly as well as items stop when they pass and break the light. All issues are resolved on the self check out.
Complete Task
ordering a replacement handscanner cable to the visalia shed.
Replaced hand scanner cable
Inspected register and found touch screen unresponsive, also found scanner/scale not weighing, reseated all cable connections on register monitor, tested and found display responding, cleaned glass on scanner/scale and reasdjusted cable connections, tested register and found all tests successful.
Repaired Register 5 and  Tanaka verified via receipt. 5 is now fully functional.
CE reseated cable connections for cashdrawer
CSM FRANCISCO, REGISTER 7 IS FREEZING AND DEBIT READER IS NOT GIVING THE BUTTONS FOR CREDIT OR DEBIT.  DOUBLE DUMPED REGISTER. TESTED DEBIT READER. ALL WORKING GOOD
CE reseated cable connections for monitor
The main module was grinding and jamming notes. Some gears had plastic residue so I replaced the main module and blew out the whole SCO.
replaced sigcap
coin entry sensor was showing blocked on arrival. dusting module did not clear fault. removed coin entry chute and further cleaned sensors and transports and realigned modules. when returning to service, fault cleared and was able to witness good cash transaction
Checked in with TL Crystal.  Repaired printer thermal print
hand scanner is not operational part is 2881068398 hand scanner
double dumped reg 68 and tested it in diagnostics
Checked in with TL Crystal.  Repaired printer comms fault
hand scanner not reading barcodes reseaded battery tested Operational
No Fault Found. Ran live transaction with no issues.
Swapped out debit reader and verified operation.
Replaced DR and tested with TL Rikki.
Scanner Scale offline, reseated connections, came back to life. Tested scanning and weighing, tested good.
suspending call to order parts   8770320772 8770320786
calibrated reg74 unit is weighing and reseated cables on reg73 unit is now scanning both in service no faults
Scale was already fixed yesterday. No further action needed.
logic units were swapped between reg 93 and reg 94. units at position 93 say media failure. closing previous task, plugged original network cable into unit. link lights came on a minute later. waited with Team Lead Krystal, unit came up. she tested unit, verified it is working properly. note - register at position 93 is still id'd as 94, and at position 94 it is still id'd as 93.
Opened and pmd unit. Reseated ramm. Blowout fan. Rebooted terminal. Temp and transactions functional.
reg 55 ss not working.  reconnect all cables and tested ok
replaced debit reader, not accepting chip cards. contacted HD to configure comm. port.
sco 47, debit reader isc250 needed rebooted along with reboot of sco. michelle is team lead front end
sco 50 debit reader needed reboot with sco. michelle is front end team lead
Replaced HHS and scanned configuring barcode from HD. It beeps but didn't work after a reboot. Spoke with HD Ned and verified that the update files usually transfer automatically. In this case, it didn't and he manually transfered the files. Once rebooted, still same error happens. Senior CE shall look at the problem as HHS is new and works on another register.
observed SCO. customers used SCO debit reader with no issues to indicate replacement required.
bottom corner sensor was errored. After cleaning and performing a hard reset, the unit is operational.
replaced card reader and working
card reader not mounted, cable loose. mounted card reader and reinserted cable. rebooted register and tested. Passed all tests.
replaced pinpad
cleaned bcr.
.
reseat cables replaced pinpad on register that bad pinpad was moved to.
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on SCOs 49,50,46.
Replaced debit card reader. Issue has been resolved
chip reader fail. cleaned and worked once but not 2nd and third time. swappped and tested 3 times good
replaced debit reader and tested
inspector self checkout 48th and found debris stuck in the BNR main module. Clear the debris and tested good
Associates states sugar  spilled into system. Cleaned note recycler and cabinet, hard reboot to clear not recycler alarm
inspected self checkout 44 and found that the coin count was not accurate. corrected the coin count and advise the CSM to load coins
inspected the self-checkout and found a bread bag tie stuck in the coin acceptor which was causing all the coins to jam. remove the bag tie and cleared the Coin Jam, tested good
unit has bad hard drive ordered new hard drive to the west plains location
replaced bad hard drive unit tested good
reset scale and tested working now
Sco 50 isc250 icc failing, machine powered down on arrival. Replaced isc250 and configured for sco r5. Rebooted machine and ensured functional with customer transaction successfully. Returned to service and closed call.
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
reset unit and tested
Troubleshooting for register RAP station 53. HHS device not scanning items, had beam. Powered down, drained battery, reseated cable to base and register and rebooted. Hand gun working properly. Tested good.
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
Card reader is constantly rejecting cards. Will order webpos card reader
Replace pinpad, tests ok.
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
Cleared jam and verified working by manager on duty
Reseat cable connection to customer display and test functionality
Register 08 debit reader missing signature pin, replaced.
reset the hh scanner and tested
Replace defective debit reader  ran a TD and then rebooted register successfully tested debit reader once register rebooted and came back up verified by CSM Erica
Register 12 handscanner failing to read barcodes.  Reseated handscanner battery, and tested successfully.
clear cash in back of dispenser,  and reseat doors and tested.
FST Reseated battery in the HHS. FST tested unit for functionality. Unit is back in service.
part processed from previous ticket
NFF.  Up and in service on arrival.  Sig-cap being used.
sco33. replaced and configured the drive with another. unit joined the domain and updating needed files
replaced keyboard csm colleen
reseated coin acceptor. tested okay
@@@replaced isc250 debit reader after firmware update unit is back into service and operational@@@
fixed ISC250 mount
replaced debit reader and verified spoke2 Michael
reseated cable to pin pad. reset device. tested ok
Ordered iPad for Marketing dept
reseated cable connections and rebooted unit
reseat acceptor and tested ok
cleared jam. run multiple tests pass
replaced debit reader and tested with cashier and different customers
replaced def part. reboot lane. verified working qith csm v
Register 03 debit reader loose on stand.  Reseated debit reader and tightened fasteners.
has no dimes but count sams 1.90 had roe purge coins through cash management, add coins for accurate count then add to float. now working properly.
Cleaned with cleaning card and reconfigured. Rebooted terminal. Functioning properly. Customer transactions good.
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on SCOs 54,56,43.
Reloaded application on debit reader.
Replaced pin pad.  Tested TL Sarath.
Replaced debit reader. Configured host port setting for SCO 6L. Coordinated with support to configure SCO COM port setting. Restarted the terminal. Tested actual card transactions. Verified by Team Lead Jaime
replaced defective debit reader and rebooted. unit boots up to Windows Boot Error. ordering new HDD.
replaced defective HDD and configured. will call HD in a couple of hours to check on status.
cleaned printer on reg 3
Register 11 stuck on U008, not booting up.  Powered down unit, reseated receipt printer cable, powered back up, and unit came into service smoothly. Tested unit successfully.
unable to reach walmart HD.   unit not recognizing employees password.  software problem.   unable to fix it without them, HD.
pinpad show alert error replaced pinpad and tested
O21 replaced printer due to issues with communication
lane would not boot up. reseated cables and rebooted
ordered main module
Cleaned up GSR50, removed debris. Issue has been resolved
Replaced DR and tested to ensure working
HHS will not scan,  swap HHS to another lane, problem stays with lane, ordering base.  suspend for parts
duplicate task
Replaced handscanner. An issue happened when trying to update software needed to reboot SCO a lot different times.
replacing the card reader cable fix the issue. tested by mod Yadi
O60-ScO 37-SCO was out of service upon arrival. Had CSM Randy to bring back into service to test hand held scanner. Tested handheld scanner with test transaction x20. Scanner working. He informed me that may be a dead rodent inside SCO. I informed him he made need exterminator or Maintenance team to remove it. ScO in service upon departure.
Was told about SCO 34 freezing and running slow during transactions. Powered down SCO, reseated cables about powered unit back up. After boot up ran ADD and rebooted SCO. Placed SCO back into service and witnessed multiple customers perform successful transactions.
hhs unplugged
Reseated printer cable at logic box
Replaced pinpad on Sco 51. Tested and working ok.
replaced bnr main. tok.
While working on Reg 45, Customer informed me that &quot;often&quot; Reg 47 also experiences the same issues as Reg 45.  So, I showed Customer how to use the Software Options to enable the CADD option, then use software to reboot system.  Similar to Reg 45, Reg 47 came back up after doing quite a bit of Firmware Updates.  I returned SCO to Customer as there was a line of folks waiting to check out...
drive not loading windows. Replaced
Replaced scanner register 2 and verified working by manager on duty
Replaced HHS and scanned configuring barcode from HD. It beeps but didn't work after a reboot. Spoke with HD Ned and verified that the update files usually transfer automatically. In this case, it didn't and he manually transfered the files. Once rebooted, still same error happens. Senior CE shall look at the problem as HHS is new and works on another register.
unit is EOL and being replaced by walmart hd will.deliever to store instructed to close call
troubleshot, cable on back came loose ,fastened down. all operational
replaced ingenico connection cable test good
Reseated cabling and watched the debit reader boot. It is working properly
143w50  reseated power cable to socket, for screen too , booted good and tested working good
reseat cable connection testing good manager  Michael
On 8111019245 / 7111015324, 3 reader and aux ordered. iPad debit reader. 1 is physically broken, 2 are not communicating. Worked with HD reseated the readers on both iPads, rebooted, both didn't work. needs to be replaced.
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 52,13,14.
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 9. ran tests in training mode and was successful
advised store to replace Imaging cartridge
touch screen problems,  calibrated and tested fine
SCO 44 is not dispensing bills per CSM, Samantha. Inspected the unit and didn't find any bills jammed. Cleaned the sensors, and inspected the cassettes. Tested the unit and tested good.
coin accepter jam paper stuck on transfer belt
card reader not reading cards reset and restart
replaced defective card reader on checkout 15
replaced defective card reader on checkout 74
replaceded riser card, replaced flagpole and customer display
cleaned printer feed and print head then tested
cleaned reader and tested
double dumped register
cleaned card reader lane 12
reseated the cable (VGA) on register 1 for the monitor that was flickering and flashing. double dumped the register too. also I double checked the cable from the logic to the scanner base. after that all tests completed without any problem.
SCO 39 debit reader icc slot loose, not making proper contact with smart chip cards when inserted. Stop lane application, replaced failing debit reader, reached out to helpdesk to configure port due to lane being R6L. After configuration lane rebooted, tested lane successfully on live customer transaction. SCO 39 is fully operational.
CE asked MOD for additional issues with the registers. CE troubleshoot and found that register 2 not weighting items. CE reseat USB power cable and scale display cable. Tested ok. Verified by MOD John.
CE asked MOD for additional issues with the registers. CE troubleshoot and found that register 3 running slow. CE performed double dump procedure. Tested ok. Verified by MOD John.
SCO45, Recepit printer print out Faded recepits, cleaned thermal plate and sensors, removed paper stuck on knife kit rest the terminal tested up with manger Ellen it works fine.
Cleaned and tested unit with CSM
reseated cable for customer display
reseated cables on frozen self checkout. rebooted
Tested and cleaned register. Recalibrated scale and verified all devices have no issues at this time.
replaced HHS tested unit
clear debris from printhead
worked with support to resolve connection issue which also corrected printing issue
reseated battery on hand held scanner reg 04 tested and device is fully operational
cleaned and tested debit reader
reg 16 pin pad offline.  tested good
ordering cash drawer and cable.
relieved cash drawer and cable. unit opening through reg prompts now.
Replaced cardreader as required.   Rebooted.   Register fully functional
CSM MICHELLE REGISTER 4 HAS A MAINTENENCE REQUIRED MESSAGE ON THE SCREEN. TRIED RESEATING THE CABLE AND DOUBLE DUMPED. DIDN'T WORK. REPLACED DEBIT READER, REBOOTED REGISTER. LET PARAMETERS LOAD. AND TESTED GOOD.
intermittent DR iCC errors while on site.   replaced DR.  contact L2 to set port.   screen frozen,  reboot,  lane POS loaded test with customer transaction successful repair complete
piece of a note got stuck in the transport and was covering a sensor
Replaced broken hand scanner cable. tested with new cable and scanner wouldn't work. trying swapping ports and restarting a few times but did not resolve issue. called lvl 2 and they sent me a barcode to scan and reloaded add files. once rebooted scanner worked without an issue
unit was showing alert irruption. replaced card reader and unit is now up and working properly.
troubleshoot and resolved ivr with level 2 and ateb
replaced printer
replaced debit reader tests good
lane 32 inspect clean sensors coin entry chute and coin validator reset bcr and tested,  test-ok
checked in with team lead Justin. replaced the dr on reg72 and reboot the register. once up tested with a test transaction. all tests passed, checked out with team lead Justin.
replaced de it reader on sco 36. wm hd checked coms and rebooted.  debit reader tested ok with Donna
Replaced drawer register 7 and verified working by manager on duty
pm walk threw machine and running tested okay working fine checked out
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 12,9,1.
replaced debit rdr
SCO 50 had the handheld scanner not working and intermittent issues with dispensing $20 notes. Upon inspection, found out the $20 cassette was broken. Replaced the cassette and rebooted the lane to run ADD. The handheld scanner started functioning and the dispenser tested good.
on arrival, bill jam error was on screen.  inspected note dispensor, found a jammed $1 in machine spine. cleared jam, tested ok. checked out with Team Lead John
Replaced cash drawer and cable. Tested device with head cashier. No discrepancies noted. Unit returned to service.
at arrival troubleshooting jam on cassette 2 front, couldn't clear error,  ran diagnostics on Software,  bad cassette,  not local, will be requested
Clear 2 quarters jammed inside track and clean and reseat bill acceptor.   Test acceptor and coin and Ll test good.
GG7X5J6CJF8J  On 8111508684  3 reader and aux ordered. iPad debit reader. 1 is physically broken, 2 are not communicating. Worked with HD reseated the readers on both iPads, rebooted, both didn't work. needs to be replaced.
A single $20 note was jammed im recycler 2. Removed jam and tested
Found scale with dashes on screen. Zeroed and verified operation.
Re-Seated battery for HHS lane 4. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
BNR unplugged upon arrival, sourced part from another CE locally. Installed new BNR main module, ran ADD, and tested new module dispense and accept of all available denominations.
Complete
Register 6 debit reader up and operational on site arrival, inspected debit reader, ran host reconfiguration, rebooted debit reader and lane, testes lane successfully on test transaction. Register 6 is fully operational.
clean bill acceptor sensor tested ok customers need load cash
will return In  the morning
Checked Regester 91. Found regester completely shut off. Rebooted regester. Tested card reader in training mode. Tests ok.  Spoke to manager Quiana
tested hand scanner and found system to be slow. hand scanner working
WYSE model SX0 thin client is no longer supported. Dee from tech support has ordered a new HP 6430 thin client and hdmi to vga adapter cable. informed AHMED team lead manager for receiving he will be expecting thin client within a week into receiving and ncr will be dispatched to install. IMPORTANT - locate Ahmed when dispatched to locate thin client pc in receiving.
Duplicate call. Parts replaced and tested on other call.
cleaned debit reader 22 and printer
changed tower board
Replace sco hand scanner cable and test
cleaned ts on sco 50 and tested ok.  checked out with Josie
Reseated cable to the handscanner and scanned barcode rebooted and verified with mod Faith the unit could start scanning
Cleaned charge contact on HHS 1 and tested
Care reader was rebooted and system updated,  card reader is now working correctly.  Team lead Meisha has been notified.
SCO 44 debit/credit reader intermittently not reading chip. replaced, configured debit/credit. contacted Walmart HD agent set COM ports and rebooted SCO . observed  multiple transactions in production mode, working as designed. reported resolution to Team Lead Jarret.
issue is not the thin client it is the monitor
replaced debit reader for not reading chips or mag strips
replaced defective 1 cent hopper on lane 50. loaded PLM unit tested good.
ordering spine 4970459221 FedEx next day hold for pickup
obtain part. replace printer.  run add. test okay.  csm coressa
the $0.01 hopper had a piece of an onion skin in it , removed and spoke with Team lead Emilio
sco 43 found a jam in the coin exit , cleared jam and tested unit working fine with no other trouble
work with the help desk to try and resolve the issue on self checkout 39 but not successful. Suspending call in ordering a hard drive to FedEx Gateway Lane
arrived on site and checked in with the CSM. upon arrival to self check up what was back up and running with no defects or errors. help desk had corrected the file corruption and the register rebooted and has been working fine ever since
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 2,3,4.
went to SCO 30, debit card reader freezing, replaced debit card reader and configured and support configured port and reboot and tested good
reseated battery cable for hhs tested fully operational reg 6
HHS firmware fault. had HD reconfigure known firmware mismatch with HHS- tested good
monitor wasnt responding properly. reseated all cables then tested and passed
plugged hhs scanner into scanner scale and tested.  was plugged in to ebox
power supply on switch was not working, replaced power supply and plugged into different outlet. Peter with NOC tested device successfully. dismissed by NOC after issue was resolved.
cleaned and adjusted print head. tested good. spoke to michelle csm.
Inspected electronics computer and found not connecting to network, contacted walmart tech support and after further troubleshooting and testing, found network port not configured, after configuring network port found computer working as designed.
double dumped 4 to help speed up unit
Monitor not turning on or showing power. Checked connection. Moved monitor from 92 onto unit. Monitor and unit came up. Tested by site. Ordering monitor on call for 92.
Sco 56 scanner/scale offline, reconnected cables, blow dust from every device, rebooted logic, and re-run adds.
cash drawer not opening cable in wrong port
recalibrated touch screen and tested good
Examined and cleaned SCO 51 hand scanner, bed scanner,  touch screen,  and card reader.
nff unit was in use when I arrived watched several transactions with no issues. i inspected and cleaned the sco with no issues. mod shelly
replaced card reader due to not reading cards.. an ongoing issue that no one will address
ordering spine 4970459221 FedEx next day hold for pickup
troubleshoot reseat PM all adjust align reload test in training mode
CE arrived to the location to replace the thin client within the receiving office. CE swapped out the PC as it wasnt powering on whatsoever, and found no issues once the VLAN was changed. CE confirmed with an associate, and informed management.
Register scanner scale was offline. Reseated the connection cable and rebooted the register. Scale come online but had printer issue. Reset printer. Then was online but would accept cash. Reset the note acceptor and rebooted the register. Tested good
ran test transactions with team lead Elsa and verified that it is working
The debit reader was not accepting cards. I performed a double dump on the register and was able to complete multiple practice transactions using a card
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 5,6,60.
The register was running slowly and freezing during transactions. I performed a double dump on the register and was able to complete multiple practice transactions at normal speed
shutdown PM all reseat adjust align reload test in training mode
unit operational upon arrival, no fault found
ordering ISC250
replaced defective payment terminal
reseated cable for scanner scale on register 6
Store visit complete verified by manager on duty
reg 92 was boot looping because not connecting to LAN. when I pulled terminal out of shelf I did see link lights. perhaps it just needed a reseat or their was a kink in cable but register started booting normally when put back in shelf. reg 92 is up now and i confirmed good operation of training mode transaction.
Replaced monitor
replaced debit reader, configured comm port,  tested and functions
this terminal was stuck at w008 at arrival. I reseat all connections and reboot. the terminal came up properly and I verified good operation of training mode transaction.
Examined and cleaned SCO 47 hand scanner, bed scanner,  touch screen,  and card reader.
replaced card reader for this SCO on task 8111400152, part is written off on that task...
Examined and cleaned SCO 50 hand scanner, bed scanner,  touch screen,  and card reader.
pm
cleaned card reader lane 7
Was told SCO 33 payment terminal was acting up and not reading every other card or so. Cleaned payment terminal with NCR MCRW cleaning cards and rebooted with run ADD. After reboot tested but payment terminal was still acting up. Replaced payment terminal and updated host port to USB/CDC, contacted Walmart Helpdesk to pair payment terminal and rebooted. Placed SCO back into service.
INSTALLED NEW PIN PAD,  SET UP, LOADED PARAMETERS AND REBOOTED. TESTED FINE
removed jammed coin
hhs on 3 bot scanning bar code. I reseated and then tested. testes good. now scanning
Complete Task
No activity lights in the back of the printer network port. The cable was traced to the switch port which has no light either. Contacted support and find out that the port was bad and it's been turned off. The cable was moved to a different port and configured by support. printer its now back online and printing. Laura confirmed the resolution.
Tested debit reader.  not working.  Replaced debit reader and tested with training transaction
Cleaned the pin pad, reset cabling and had the ports corrected resolving the issue
cleared jam in spine with csm Cassandra
Reported that register 10 scanner scale wasn't working properly and was beeping. Discovered wrong scanner scale cable installed. Informed team leads and manager to put in a work order for this issue.
remounted payment terminal that had fallen. unit in service.
Unable to reproduce issue as described, Team Lead able to fill machine with funds. No fault found
Reboot lane to fix slowing issue
changed hhs port on terminal. setup add to run and rebooted. test ok.
Examined and cleaned SCO 30 hand scanner, bed scanner,  touch screen,  and card reader.
Store reported SCO 45 not accepting coins. I removed coupon from coin eagle acceptor.cleaned SCO.tested good.updated with TL Terry
reseat network cable and reboot tested its with customers ok
Scanner scale was weighing properly, but not syncing with register. I found the scanner scale cable wasn't connected properly. After reconnecting the cable I rebooted system and then tested with CSM Jazz to her satisfaction.
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 7,8,10.
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
replaced debit reader tested unit
pm
replace HDD and reimage test good, close call with HD
scale had a lot of good buildup around top plate preventing full motion. cleaned and tested good
Suspending for meal break.
SCO 54 BCR error due to coin acceptor not being latched on properly. Latch reseated. Test dispense and deposit successful.
Reprogrammed the scanner scale. Spoke 2 Maria Team Lead
cleared coin jam on lane 43
replaced hard drive and is loading software - will return to check
Complete Task
reg 3 printer not responding  reseated all connections
cleared spine jam on BNR for lane 45
site closed.  no access.
reseated all cables and rebooted unit and tested successfully back in service
Help desk forwarded to software
debit reader is new, still not communicating. ordering replacement cable.
replaced card reader and cable for no comms
debit reader needs replacement.
ce replaced pinpad and tested with the mod stephanie
INSTALLED NEW BRACKET SCREWS AND STAND OFFS FOR 2ND PIN PAD FALLING OFF
parts not needed. found sticky residue in transport, cleaned and tested in pml
Reset cables and rebooted the machine.
replaced coin acceptor and tested it in diagnostics
No coms going to lane,  more troubleshooting needed
The spine's left belt came off of top left roller. Moved belt back on roller &amp; performed a dispense and accept test 3x.  CSM/TL: Vera
SCO 51 was showing &quot;cassette not inserted&quot; message. Upon inspection, found the transport belt out of its location. Put the belt back in track and aligned the other belts. Inspected the cassettes and confirmed they are functional. Tested the unit and the unit tested good.
Site Visit completed all issues resolved at this time verified by Team Lead Mariah
Debit reader wasn't reading chip. Cleaned the unit. Tested good
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on 4 pharmacy Rx Registers.
sco needs new hard drive ordering part number 8770304505 to my default
checked in with TL nick and store associate kristen at reg 44. tested card reader with card. transaction failed. will not swipe or read cards. ordering DR isc250.
143W58: Replaced ISC250 and coun slot label. tested ok.
store walkthrough to ensure all equipment is running properly
ce arrived and cleaned debit reader on sco 43. contacted level 2 as issue described as employee discount cards as well as gift cards not reading. level 2 stated this is a known issue with no solution as of yet. informed site.
managed the cables for the register 3. many cables was hanging behind the register and under scanner scale. scanner scale turned off by itself during middle of the transaction,  I found the go back merchandise under register that was pulled up the cables under scale. so I managed the cables and now it is working fine.
troubleshoot reattach glass and secure reload and test
cash box has an error and will not clear. no jams anywhere in unit or cash box. ordering replacement cashbox
No issues with scanner in SS as witnessed multiple transactions occur with no issues occurring.
I replaced the pinpad and verified working.
Powered down lane and reseated all cables and connectors.  Ran PML on all devices with no issues. Put lane into service and watched customers conduct successful transactions with no issues.
fixed hand scanner
Rebooted unit into PML and reseated all cables and connectors. Ran device checks and tests and cleaned all devices. Put unit into service and watched several customers conduct successful transactions.
power down south check out then replace debit reader route to pick up back online ran add to update firmware tested and test was successful
Arrived onsite with sco 45 in use and taking cards. Talked with team lead and rap attendee. Its been working with no faults. I checked chip slot and tested just to be sure. It's working correctly.
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
went to register 1, card reader not reading cards, replaced debit card reader and reboot and tested good
tested debit reader live tested ok
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Margret
receipt printer was printing faded receipts cleaned tested Operational
Store visit
PM
loose cable reseated
removed coin jam from BCR and restarted system.
Coin counts were incorrect. Worked with Vonnie (academy trainer) and purged all coins then reloaded SCO with coins.
Power cycled unit and ran add. Tested after boot. It is working properly
test pinpad with lead eamona no isdue found
pin pad freezing crowbaring machine up and running tested okay working fine checked out
replqced debit reader due to alert interuption
spine is making a weird noise. needs to be changed
check for errors.  check for jams.  pm unit and found lock on cash box cassette flipped to open. closed and test and unit came back up.  live test unit and is working OK
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 11,67,77.
Complete Task
Replaced debit reader and cleaned reg 4
cleaned and reset card reader,not reading chips. rebooted to same. replaced the pinpad,reloaded sftwr, rebooted and tested ok with Nahrain. processed part.
card reader not responding to chips. cleaned contacts on card reader and reseated connections. tested.
Scanner scale was not responding to PC/Core. Reseat power cord and connections to scanner scale. Hard reset PC/Core. Test scanner scale on test mode. MOD Johnette.
NFF. Tested scale and scanner. Tested hand held scanner
No fault found.  Coins dispensed and deposited as expected.
register 48 shows credit cards only do two running out of coins machine needs to be audited
another machine is out of cash pending an audit
Note acceptor issues were troubleshoot and issues were resolved, system was updated and now working correctly.  Team lead Meisha has been notified.
ce order disk drive to fedex on comac dr ronkonkoma and lane 43 is where drive is to be installed
Stores iPad was stolen whole unit contact help desk to see who's responsibility to order parts. Helps Des looked into the issue then placed a order for new iPad cables iPad housing and MSR reader in all pieces miss me OK to close ticket manager Tatianna
reassembled register. rebooted. tested. checked ok. placed in service.
replaced hand scanner and tested machine is fully operational and ready for use
cleaned and tested
ordering printer
replaced printer and tested
cleaned and tested pinpad with no issues encountered, monitored multiple customer transactions to verify
Advise customer pharmacy laser printer toner cartridge empty and new toner cartridge required to clear err.
Cleared jam and reset. Placed in service. Fully functional.
nff, on arrival unit operational, no errors
Replaced debit reader. Tested good.
Repair scot, reseat cables, reboot, tests ok.
replaced defective card reader on checkout 3
resided cables and tested
Replaced debit reader
No fault found. Tested and confirmed working.
adjusted the locking brackets for scanner scale on reg 1. tested successfully
troubleshooted cleaned and tested. verified by t.l Nadine
replaced cash box and SNA66 and tested good afterward with CSM Azia. unit currently operational.
change the card reader rebooted register test  unit is operational
Replaced pinpad on reg 91. Tested and working ok.
found hhs not configured to base. reconfigured hhs to base, rebooted system, tested and passed
Hand scanner for reg 06 was fine, but they swapped the hand scanner from another station to 6 as it is less used compared to the rest.  I informed the team about this so that reg 06 wouldn't be reported again and we will be able to respond to the right station.  Provided a new hand scanner and its now functioning well Approval was provided by Tom
reseated and rebooted.  witnessed numerous transactions
CE arrived to the location to investigate the issue with the hand scanner, but found no issues when testing the device. CE confirmed with a COS, and determined operational.
re zero scale, restarted updated, scale come back up weighing and scanning accurately now
Located the Manahers PC that was shipped to the site. I installed and setup the PC. Tested with the Mgr Phillip- Passed. PM complete.
cash drawer not opening.  reseated cables and rebooted.  tested good
Replace the defective Dedit reader on register 78 pharmacy
camera had a cap blocking the camera lens. I removed it. it tested ok
nff. tested register and monitored customer use. cleaned register. still nff
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 68,76,92.
Checkedwith theteam leadto verify problem reported. After problem was confirmed I began repair. I began by cleaning card reader and verifying no foreign debris or partial cardswere in the reader. After checking for jams. When that failed I replaced pinpad now satisfied the problem was resolved, I checked with theteam lead to verify no other problems existed on the register speaking to Missy . when theteam lead was satisfied with my repair Ichecked with them to see if any other problems existed at the site.
SCOT15 was off on arrival saw a note saying I/O box failure started system up and system came up with no issues scanner scale working properly tested and verified operational by Team Lead Mariah
Troubleshot with ASM Mark. Conducted multiple types of transactions. Register completed all transactions with no failures. Returned register to normal mode. No fault found. Followed up with ASM Mark
unit was in use when I arrived I watched several transactions with no issues i cleaned and inspected bcr no issues tested ok Ashley.
Installed replacement DR and cycled power.  Ran add. Tested.   Fully functional.
"Ordering new hand scanner and 
cable. hand scanner 4970434419
cable 8770303917
To  East Brunswick  Fedex"
Replaced defective hand scanner and cable for Self Check Out 47. Hand scanner now working. Tests ok.
replace debit reader
card reader fail SCO90 remove old card reader install new card reader, setup and reboot, add missing stand and lock in place e screws to card reader tes th good
replace lower cover and printer decal
Tested debt reader working as intended
Re-Seated battery for HHS lane 5. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
CE troubleshot and inspected the unit. CE witnessed several customers using the unit with out issue. CE cleaned the MSR.
store visit. all ok.
tech onsite, CSM Helen...Rap station offline....tech reset unit...once up rap station working and communicating with upfront..
checked h6000 printer check not endorsing store needs to get bottom ribbon and printer should endorse checks notified Elizabeth receipt is printing receipts
reg 7 hhs not keeping charge, reseated battery and ensured connections were secure, tested and working after letting charge for some time
the gsr50 for checkout 45 would show that sensors were blocked and prevent customers from putting money in until an associate came by and simply pressed 'i corrected the problem'.  The system would do a soft reset and work just fine.  I cleaned the recycler sensors and blew out the whole thing.  Tested monetary acceptance.  Tests good.  Returned to service.
cleaned sensors.  removed jam at chute
Sco33 replaced isc250, trouble with touchscreen, reseated connector at both ends to correct. Witness Mathew sch
wrong part number in call comments, ordering correct part
replaced debit reader and rebooted lane. watched customers  use it several times.
replaced debit reader and rebooted lane. watched customers  use it several times.
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 94,74,73.
reseated all connections on the POS, double dumped register, tested good
Double dump register
Receipt printer prints nothing at all.  During testing the message read 598 dots damaged on front head.  Ordering replacement printer (4970529281) and shipping to my default.
The receipt printer showed an error in pml that read: 598 dots damaged.  Replaced whole printer and tested upon boot up.  Tested good.  Informed csm Lakisha.
replaced debit reader ops check ok
Scale error,  will have trade with working register when available.
hand scanner not reading barcodes reseaded battery tested Operational
REG01-clean rec-printer
cleaned and tested
No issues found.
double dump register
still awaiting delivery of part to site.
Witnessed several customer transactions. Logged in to unit test can 19 items unable to duplicate a recreate issue no fault found unit up in in service manager tatiyana
Arrived at site and inspected SCO. Found all top module leds were flashing amber. There was no note found in the module, but the unit was dusty. Cleaned the top module including dusting, the belts and sensors. Once unit was cleaned it was tested with a cash transaction without issue. SCO is back in full service.
Been advised by help desk to close this ticket  They will send a new PC to the Pharmacy
Replaced defective debit reader
replaced scanner base. worked with help desk. checks good.
reseated hhs cable and rebooted sco with Adds, verified good operation by monitoring customer transactions using hhs
Register reassigned and tested
REPLACED PINPAD
Found flagpole cable not seated on core end. Seated cable, display restored.
try double dumbed didn't work called Walmart help desk for support they tried to load the missing files but would go pass U005.1B ordering part 8770243777
scanned reset barcode. all devices working
busy store. cleaned the dirty credit cards readers on Registers 66,91,93.
fixed cash drawer
Found bottom note recycler cassette had  debris in exit shute. Removed debris an performed test purchase without issues
SCO #38 found in reboot loop. called BVHD and they found correpted file. cleared files and rebooted. tested good. lane put back in use.
went to site ts issue test scan 79 items and test good found issue is bar code sheet store is scanning off of. bar code sheet is bad manager Tatiana
reg 92 would not endorse a check because it kept getting off track. I couldn't find anything physically blocking the path or wrong with it so I replaced the printer to fix the issue
cleaned debit reader 23 and printer
reseated cable and tested ops great CSM Rosie
no link lights called hd they were able to bring it up, tested all in working order
The SCO29 had a hardware spine error on arrival. Cleaned all sensors and tested the bill acceptor multiple times succesfully. SCO 29 is up and working fine.
on arrival scanner scale had power but no beam. cleaned top plate and beam started working again. lane is ubis
bad dip replaced debit
Cleaned coin acceptor,  bcr test ok.
review SNFI clear debris and test the bcr
Replace debit card reader. Test. Process Return.
replaced cashbox frame tested okay
replaced note recycler and tested
reseated cables. reset unit. cleaned under scale plate. tested ok and within tolerances.
replaced pin pad and reboot
reseated all the cables and tested
Found debit reader loose. Tightened and secured.
call ivr talked to mina milosevic.. she had me shut down power and reseat ethernet cable and reboot router. then she had me test all lines to verify that it was working properly.  then she called to verify
Routed new cash drawer cable on 2
Replaced rusted standoffs on 71
problem was ss reset calibrated tested verified aok with mod
Call Notes Displayed wrong Printer. Correct V5. Ordering from ESL. And will replace. TS, thermal head is bad.
bnr issues shutdown reseat PM all adjust align reload test
cleared debris from the avalanche shoot.  ran ADD and performed a reboot.
remote fix on equipment machine all in service tested okay working fine checked out
register appears to have locked up during boot up. card reader on &quot;download tool&quot; screen. reseated cable on reader, rebooted and cleaned reader while rebooting. once up, tested with purchase
when arrived the rap station upfront app wasn't working. I talk to the front end lead Mrs Michelle and she said the rap station is 52. I turned off and back on. Call help desk to see if rap station was online. Talked to Marcus and he confirmed that rap station 52 and it is online.
pm walk threw machine and running tested okay working fine checked out
Replace the defective Dedit reader on register 16
reseated cables. rebooted lane. cleaned contacts. tested all lane functions.
issue resolved
Main module reseted and tested
manager stated not acceptinv chip but processed payment successfully
debit reader is running slow causing the register to freeze oh, also the debit reader is physically damaged on the back and will not stay attached to the mounting plate
I replaced the debit reader and tested with CSM Iris
Marian TL asked me to check register 6 scanner scale Red lights. reset SS,Rebooted register ok. tested scanner scale ok.
Inspected unit reported by Team Lead Mark, powered off Register and reseated cables,  rebooted Register and after brought it back to service tested successfully.  Register is up and operational.
CE troubleshoot and restarted the unit. Tested ok. Verified by MOD Georgis.
cleaned debit reader 21 and printer
lane closed upon arrival, verified no fault indicators present
cleared jam and tested working now
display operational on srtival, reseated all connections to verify none were loose, teset lane, checked out with Kendra, lead
BCR was in error 6x 3y which is coin hopper 4 opto sensor blocked.  CSM opened hopper access and found loose dined covering sensor.  put dimes back in hopper and error cleared.  opened lane to accept cash payments
Tested and cleaned register and verified all devices have no issues at this time.
Complete Task
nff,no faults on arrival and no errors, unit operational
ask TL Moe if there was any other issues.  he stated he was having a problem with walmart pay on the DR lane 10 tobacco.   reached out to L2.  they provided Moe with a ph # 4792774357 for walmart home office POS team.   site visit complete
issue is not the thin client it is the monitor
replaced monitor on bay 2 due to touch screen will not calibrate.
ELECTRONICS REGISTER 67 DEBIT READER FALLS OFF OF MOUNT. INSTALLED ANCHOR BOLTS, AND LOCKING SCREW. FROM SPARE PARTS. CSM FRANCISCO
scale was reading at 2.23 lbs. reset devices cables, plugged back in and rebooted.  sco came back too normal scale readings
ordering scan gun base and cable to Egg Harbor shed/base-2881068550/cable-2881068549
vlean the cardreader and tested
suspending for mandatory break
checked in/out with csm Jacob. upon arrival sco was in card only mode and pml showed exit sensor failure in hopper 4. rotated dime hopper and located dime with gum on it. placed dime in sco coupon box and rotated hopper to confirm no further jams took place. pml showed no errors and sco resumed to cash/card mode.
met with manager then repaired reg94 core and replaced receipt printer and pmed and all devices are testing good now with manager
ordering part# 2881047011
replaced pinpad
Complete Task
end user explains customers are not getting all their change dispensed to them. upon arrival no cash in cassettes and hoppers. request csm to deposit cash and coins in bcr and bnr. performed successful cash/coin dispense/acceptor tests and watched multiple customers perform cash and card transactions without issues. sco is fully functional.
Complete
Cleaned devices.
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
cleaned debit reader 24 and printer
replaced isc250 on register 10 and register 44. tested both successfully.
reseated cash box and ran add. tested ok by lead Nicholas
fixed detached belt. lane up and operational
spoke with manager  Barbara clear  censored entity do you know the staff before leaving the site.
coin jammed. did pm on it. cleaned and dust, other piece of debris. it worked.
Called helpdesk, said they found corrupted files, they rebooted and ran ADD, I found that it updated the BNR and the scanner scale. I ran a cash transaction but 1st item that was a dollar shows as 1 cent but total shows $1.00, tried this on lane 13 and it showed correctly, tried numerous times but still same issue for 1st item. Showed this to Jason and told him we will order HD 8770305406 to reimage.
Arrived at site, checking in with mgmt. Inspected SCO and found no issues. Looked at entry chute, Singulator entry and exit chutes, Coin Acceptor and diverter, and all were clean. Looked thru windows at coins and saw the dime hopper was empty. Store printing out statement to reconcile what is in unit vs what system thinks is in unit. Hardware is working without issue.
replaced pinpad
The Coin recycler was working fine on arrival. Tested quarters and pennies deposit and return succesfully. SCO 35 is up and working fine. Tested ok
Was able to read cards upon arrival. Checked for debris and dust but nothing found. Used cleaning card just in case. Tested successfully
picking up debit reader
Card reader not working as it was not connecting to the controller. Rebooted reg and card reader tested working
replaced debit
reg 72 not reading chip cards cleaned no go replaced ops good csm shandele
replacement of debit card reader and cable.  old cable was ripped showing internal wires
cleaned gunk and dirt out of card slots and rebooted terminal. tested with multiple cards and reader works fine
Replaced scanner base due to damage not holding hands scanner on to register replacing it reboot then test can items test good manager Tatianna
site closed.  no access.
worked with helpdesk and NOC. switch is in boot-loop condition. NOC suggested swap with RCV1 switch, manager authorized but changed his mind as essential receiving systems would be offline. NOC authorized order for replacement switch. order pending ticket update
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 77. ran tests in training mode and was successful
CE inspected register 1 debit reader. Found debit reader unsecured causing device to move up and down which may prevented cards from being inserted correctly. CE secured debit reader. Performed ICC and MSR test transactions successfully with no issues. Debit reader is up and operational.
replace card reader
Cleaned and rebooted debit unit still not reading cards. Installed new debit reader.
replaced debit reader
replaced debit reader r er g 8
Upon arrival, isc250 showing alert irruption error. Tech replaced with new unit and configured for regular lane use. Tested and verified working correctly with live transaction. Checked out with lead Justine.
reg 9 hhs worked fine for me. the base had power as did the actual hhs. I scanned several item with it with no issue, I could not replicate the issue
Had to travel to ASL for new cardreader.   Installed cardreader as required. Rebooted. Register fully functional
Not fault found when arrived onsite on reg10. Tested good and watched several live transactions successfully run
replaced debit reader. unit tested good
cleaned debit reader 25 and printer
same site arrival, card reader has  issues off and on for the last couple of weeks.  reset card reader which work for a little while but it had issues reading cards again.  replace card reader, configure settings after reboot, watch for customers to take the personal transactions without any issues. register is back in service.
swapped out hhs with replacement and tests good.
O58 5GB msr keypad physically torn from display. connector is ruined. (photo attached) suspending ticket to order PN:8770242216. will overnight to fedex in lawton. call will need to be charged upon replacement.
O58 keypad physically damaged. torn from monitor. (photo attached). replaced keypad, swapped over stickers. tested in training mode.
replace missing hand scanner
replace missing hand scanner
need to replace the hh scanner.
Replaced Debit readee. Tested as working.
display resolved self prior to tech returning with new display
cleaned debit reader 26
Requires part replacement. Ordering GSR50 head unit and cash deposit module.
rebooted rap station. unit online. palm now showing SCO info correctly.
ReG02-clean rec-printer
Reseat power cable at outlet and resolved issue. Confirmed with CSM.
plugged in cable to reg. restarted reg. will test tomorrow.
reg 71 cash drawer was not opening. checked connections and had dave and melissa verify operation. drawer worked properly. cleaned entire reg as it was very dirty
ce is placing an order for a replacment isc250 cable
ce arrived to replace debit reader cable for reg65. ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager carlos
found unit powered with poor physical cable connection. reseated and used test code to successfully print recipt. propbke printer may have been moved, but mod is not sure where.
HHS not paired with base, unplugged battery reseated base cable, plugged in battery and tested. Closed with csm
Suspending due to time restraints.
replaced pin pad and scan gun/Test ok/Spoke2 Mary
I spoke with Manager Desiree about lanes 93 and 92 which 92 had a broken mount which isn't an NCR issue or part. But the base for 93 wasn't working and 92's scanner wasn't scanning because the triggeris damaged. so I moved the mounting plate of 93 to 92, and then also moved the handheld scanner to 92. So lane 92 was working and 93 needs a Handheld scanner and a base
adjust hand scanner  cable connection
Complete Task
Reseated powered touch cable at both ends and rebooted register. Verified functionality.
plug in power supply reboot register test good to go
replaced the defective debit reader with the new one then tested for quality assurance on register 6. verified that all parameters were downloaded and tested the reader in training mode which worked for regular cards. will need to wait to see if it works for WIC but let site know of swap before leaving
triubleshooting touch screen issue and unplugged all cables and reinstalled. touch screen/keyboard issues resolved. store had power blip during resent storms.
reseated scanner/scale and video cable/test ok/Spoke2 Mary
clean screen, double dumped lane, adjusted screen, called BVHD - cleaned infrared, disconnected/reconnected leads and issue was resolved
recalibrate touch screen
POS keyboard out of sync. rebooted twice with assistance of helpdesk and came back too normal working screen.
RAP 52 rebooted. Help Desk contacted and confirmed unit's functionality.
cleaned debit reader 15 and printer
Tested operations of pin pad with TL Laura  no fault found.
Spoke to team lead Mel, replaced debit reader and configured for R5 and rebooted lane. after reboot and load the debit reader tested good.
ss Firmware updated
Keypad is not broken off. People are being rough with it so it appears as if its going to fall off but it is fine
replaced debit reader
found that base was not working properly. replaced base, rebooted system, tested and passed.
Howard down the register and then replaced debit reader Notified CSM that debit readers should not be used for 24 hours so it can update
clean debit reader, do 18ac and tested ok in training mode
Replaced broken scanner/scale cable. The prior cable was torn and had exposed wires. The broken cable was the reason the scanner scale was not coming online.
replaced drawer assembly and tested
reset and tested good
replaced handheld scanner
reseat cable reboot register test ok
Troubleshoot connection, unit now powers on.  Tested on network.
TS, Power cycled scale, same issue, cleared error then was able sign in with wm employee then screen froze, reboot and ADD, lane came up tested and verified working. checked out with manager Angel
O60-Reg 2-unplugged and replugged scanner/scale. rebooted register. scanner became online. tested and verified with training mode transactions. unit functioning properly upon departure.
replaced printer
reseated all cables and tested
RESEATED AND CALIBRATED TOUCHSCREEN.
keypad stopped functioning. reseated usb cable for keypad and tested working. had associate Brittney try out and also found operational. checked out
Found network cable cut and unable to locate other end of cable. Contacted help desk and escalated issue to cabling team. Informed TL Shiwani.
Replaced printer and reset core for updates. Tests all good now with customers
replaced bad verifone
o18- reg 3- Debit reader would not read emv cards and did not respond to cleaning.  Unit replaced
Replaced debit reader, tested good. Confirmed operational with TL Glorima.
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 91. ran tests in training mode and was successful
replaced cashbox and tested, working. informed fetl Shay to place call for 1s and 5s cash cassettes.
Debit reader is working fine when I arrived. Cleaned chip reader slot. Tested card transactions. Verified by Team Lead Vanessa.
Arrived on site, pin pad showed no error reg 14. Reg 14 pin pad verifone mx915. Several customers used pin pad, tested ok.
boot up to U007. shutdown reseat all cables. boot up same issue. try to boot up with minimal configuration. boot up fine. add one device at a time. if either card reader or hand scanner plug in error will show up. move hand scanner to usb board and card reader to 9b. lane boot up fine. replaced bottom I/O board.
Removed (1) $1, (1) $5 jammed  from BNR head, cleaned BNR and tested, loaded lane and tested. Put money removed from BNR head into coupon slot.
No fault found. Register in service and performing transactions.
reseated battery on hand held scanner reg 06 tested and device is fully operational
replaced sig cap lane 91 tested ok with the site
PM complete
rap 55 boot looping with windows internal error, ordered hard drive
ce arrived to find reg68 with no power. ce found the power cable to not be plugged in properly. ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager carlos
Replaced digital board and vertical camera.
belt was off in nose of gr50. got back on track and no further issues.
iPad is charging with no faults
needs bottom io card replacement for printer
replace io card
clean and test
problem resolved before arrival
o18- Recycler module Mylar tape went off track and bird nested. Tape was unsavable. Replaced cassette.
Found hand held scanner scanning but three beeps after the scan. Reset scanner and same issue. Flipped scanners from Reg 19 to Reg 20. Same issue on Reg 20. Rebooted with Double dump and configured for terminal. Tested everything and successful.
Customer reports that there is an Error: Dual Coin Entry Blocked... Upon inspection, I do confirm this error. During my troubleshooting I found a $0.25 (Quarter) stuck in between the Coin Validator and the Deposit Chute.  This Quarter has a large amount of sticky material (gum??) on both sides of the Coin --- pics attached ---.  Once I removed the Bad Coin, the Errors went away after a Diagnostics Check.  I then used the Powered Air Blower and Tech Wipes to Clean the SCO.  After returning the SCO to Service, I observed 3 Customers make successful purchases.  I then also make a successful purchase via CC.  I checked out locally with WM Cashier Chris, and then I took the Bad Coin to WM Lead Scott and updated him.  Scott asked around to the other Leads about other problems... they directed me to SCO 22; a quick look showed it to be put of Cash Notes...I asked them to open a ticket if refilling the SCO did not help.
replaced verifone
Cleared jam from note acceptor. Reset the register. Tested good accepting cash
reseated cable to printer and tested unit
cleaned and calibrated sealed with lead seal tested good
Was told register 8 froze in the middle of transactions and was acting very laggy. Powered register 8 down reseated cables and reconfigured register. After boot up stress tested register and all test passed. Placed register 8 back into service.
no faults found watched multiple customers use sco sco accepted and dispensed cash and coins with no issues
reg9. replaced the debit reader with another one and cycled power and allowed unit to download needed files then come into production
printer turned off. power on, tests good.
ce arrived to find reg1 up fully functional and in use by site. ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager david
Cleaned and hard reboot
reseated cables. rebooted lane. cleaned under scale plate. ok.
Checked in with Manager Cassandra, Lane is open and working since morning as stated by manager Cassandra, no faults found.
monitor is working upon ce arrival, site using register.
reseated connections,tested ok
repaired pinpad cable tested good
problem resolved before arrival
replaced hand scanner and tested. checks good
ordering cable for 7011 debit reader
replaced defective debit card reader
Adjusted wiring inside of SCO for 12V power.  Brought SCO online in normal mode.
when processing a check system request supervisor override, remove check press clear, but will not clear.   ordering new receipt printer.
reset unit and reseated plugs. checks good
no errors on device at time of service. test to normal ops and return to service
clean and verify printer
replace and load debit reader
broken lid on 11. replace printer
Replaced drum recycler per O21, had to reboot SCO to get the cash recycler to communicate. Back in service
mx915, not isc250. o error message on screen. watched multiple transactions without error.
replaced debit reader for not reading cards
Replaced debit card reader. Tested as working
cleaned printer and tested fine
CSM FRANCISCO, CUSTOMER SERVICE REGISTER 93. SUPERVISOR KEY WON'T TURN. REPLACED KEY TUMBLER. DOUBLE DUMPED REGISTER. TESTED GOOD
Issue is with the debit reader missing the mounting screws as per shift lead Maribel.  Replaced debit reader mounting screws from spare. Tested and verified by Team Lead Vanessa.
One card reader was for SCO 48. Reg 73 was slow and freezing on transactions so I replaced the card reader. Also, the printer wasn't accepting checks and came with an error of door open even with them closed. Replaced printer and tested.
Replaced pinpad and set host port to USB CDC and called Walmart support to initialize PED. Rebooted SCO. Tested ok.
sco 39 reset scanner/scale and tested unit working fine with no other trouble
there was a red error message flashing in the bottom right corner stating read error logs contacted wlmt hd and they stated this was a store side error, they should contact fin support email states This is issue for field support ,site should engage them about this.  They should call 479-277-4357.  When asked for problem by IVR if they say financial services they should end up with Walmart point of sale team.   Regards,  Slobodan Jovanovic  BST L2 Helpdesk Agent -
Replaced debit reader and rebooted SCO after adjusting configuration for sco use. Test transaction successfully ran.
cleaned note acceptor and ran add
Replaced gun and base on reg1, gun was dead and guns never seemed to charge on base, ran tst sale in training mode
scale scanner no power. tried reseating cable did not help. take whole scale to lane six and power up. bad USB cable. informed team lead Flor CE will order part sameday.
CSM Eddie, Reg 16, Replaced the scale power cable.  The scanner/scale powered up and weighed correctly.  Ran a test transaction and it scanned with no issues.
replace pin pad
Performed cleaning of payment terminal contact chips unit tested fine no other issues present please check remote logs for confirmation
Replaced debit reader, tested good. Confirmed operational with TL Jarret.
Cleaned printer sensors and tested
sco 34 cleaned out main moldue on unit and tested several times unit working fine with no other trouble
SCO 50 dime coin hopper exit sensor blocked.  CE removed sticky dime coin from the exit slot of the dime coin hopper, removed dust and debris from all hoppers and hopper sensors, reset the control board, all errors were cleared, tested ok.  The RP was not aligned properly causing the receipts to jam in the fascia exit slot.  CE realigned and cleaned the RP, loaded a new roll of receipt paper, all errors were cleared, tested ok.  The RP is now printing quality receipts through the fascia with no errors, repairs and functionality were verified by store CSM, Danny
checked cable and tested it. unit is working properly
Club reported debit 46 not reading any cards, I replaced tge debit tested okay verified by MoD Ray
cleared jammed bill and removed tape stuck to it. tested recycler ok
Swapped printer with register 7. POS booted up normally. Tested device, functioned properly.
register02 is service with cashier conducting customer transactions. no damage or wear to hh unit or base. traced connection to core logic, base cable loose. reseated connection and rebooted system. observed customer transactions, no errors. back in service.
Ordering replacement
not turning on
us143w59 even tho think client was ordered i went ahead and did light troubleshooting and ended finding out that via cable was not plugged into the monitor properly and did not make connection. reseated cable and screwed in latches so it does not get unplugged again. computer working as intended
needs new hard drive replace part number 877-030-5405
Troubleshot problem to network cable for Reg#95 disconnected from switch. Reseated cable, rebooted register &amp; tested ok.  Worked w/TLE Mgr Jason.
replaced defective card reader on SCO
Reset scanner scale
Cleared media debris in coin dispenser on Sco 50
cleaned reg 2 printer
Complete Task
Inspected register and found payment terminal not reading, card, used cleaning cards to clean both dip and swipe parts and found lots of debris, tested debit reader, found all tests successful.
replaced debit reader. unit o f with tamper fault. ordering another reader.
replaced faulty card reader ops check good placed unit back in service
I found a coupon in the note acceptor. After clearing the coupon I tested SCO with CSM Jazz to her satisfaction.
Replaced debit reader. Spoke 2 Laura Pharmacist
piece of plastic in eightway diverter gat
reset cable, tested hand scanner all tests passed
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
Cleared gummed up quarter out of singulator exit chute. After that, I tested dispense/deposit successfully. All functioning.
after re-seating cables, the monitor tested good. after rebooting the unit it tested good
Reseated cables and rebooted. Issue has been resolved
pin pad was not accepting cards replaced pin pad and tested no further issues where found
Sometimes card reader doesn't accept chase cards. all other types of cards are accepted, no issue  has been found. reported to MOD. Ran ADD and rebooted.
SCO was operational.  spoke with associate and Team Lead. has been working all day.  cleaned,  watched transactions,  and made a purchase.  no issues.
power down , ckean out and restart. Normal ops observed. returned to service
cleaned coin acceptor and tested in pml. checks good.
reg 72 debit not reading chip.  reloaded configuration on pos tested ok mgr Fig.
support is assigning a network cabling team to fix this issue and released me from the call
removed jam and tested in pml. checks good
ce arrived to replace isc250 debit reader on sco 43. verified function and returned to service
Cleared debris from SCO and ran ADD after testing in PML.
replaced debit
not taking Bill's. reseat and unplug bnr. tested ok.
operational on arrival, no fault found
gsr jamming between cashbox and frame ordering new frame
cleared sensors and cleared belt jam on main transport and also cleared cash jam on 2nd recycler,  placed $60 in coupon bin and unit operational
cleared jam in recycler and tested ops great CSM  Alexandra
replaced debit for not reading cards a known issue
checked pinpad, works fine.
replaced debit reader ran diagnostics tested
cleaned bcr and tested on site
replaced DBR
watched customers use and found no issue
replaced the debit card reader all the tests are good.
replaced pin pad
chip reader inoperable, replaced unit, rebooted lane, tested good
I replaced the pinpad and verified working.
troubleshoot PM all adjust align reseat reload test in training mode
cash drawer was locked ....horizonal not vertical
.
Machine was powered down and I powered it back up monitored a few transactions and only faults I seen was customers not getting change back and that was due to no money in machine. Completely out of coins. Let Roxy know and showed her and she said she will take care of it.
no fault found
clean coins dispensing sensor and reboot self check out tested its with customers ok
arrived and found another SCO with same problem as 4 others yesterday.  which all 4 are working properly now.  looks like a software issue.  worked with Milicia at Walmart helpdesk and NOC.  tested good
Unit is in full service.
cleaned scanner scale
Reg 92 was up and online;  Tested screen... passed;  Reseated cable to screen; Rebooted core and Ran Double Dump on it;  Core Booted up OK; Tested...OK
***BILLABLE SERVICE REQUEST***  SCO in service with both cash and card at time of arrival to the site. Evidence if a possible liquid spill on the SCO and recycler. Was also advised of a bag if sugar possibly haven't been spilled onto the recycler also. Cleaned and dusted the recyclers and successfully tested the note recycler via customer transaction after completing the work.
CE found no fault with bcr.  there was no money in the unit to be able to troubleshoot
Replaced ribbon, pmd. Rebooted and tested. Cleared error and functioning properly.
Ordering a replacement hand scanner
Customer found the missing hand scanner
replaced card reader unit testing good
card reader fail SCO91, remove old card reader, install new card reader, wait for card reader to boot up, power off  SCO pc, power on test good
replaced defective card reader
cordless hu scanner broken missing battery suspended task to order part
replaced broken HH barcode reader verified working with MOD Gabby
unit showing incorrect change in system. reconfigured to 0 and had manager reload change.
cleared piece of plastic from spine area, tested with 2 dispense and deposit test. all functioning, put sco back online
cleaned bna and test spoke2 Elizabeth lead
BSOD, ordering hdd next day Alpine
replaced vga register 2, tested and working
replace cash drawer broken drawer
cleaned rollers and sensors ran diagnostic in pml  device working properly with blinking green led sco in service
Replaced defective Tellermate terminal and tested good
cleared jam in main module of bnr, tested on transaction and works okay
No faults found on arrival. Spoke with TL. TL tested SCO. SCO fully functional.
call was for blocked avalanche sensor. coin acceptor spring tab was not seated as well as Singulator belt jam. disassembled Singulator belt housing and cleared jam of 4 or 5 quarters and dimes. likely culprit, one of the quarters looked like it had been beat with a hammer. was no longer flat. cleared name, tested BCR with 3 dispense and accept tests and returned unit to service. verified working condition with CSM
reseated HHS and tested it successfully
debit card reader not reading cards ordered replacement
replaced defective debit card reader rebooted register explained to MOD Gabby it will automatically install its firmware over night
Reset dip settings on 5
replaced dr on reg 96 as Katrina moved from register 13. dr is working properly
Replaced receipt printer. ran add. Tested and verified working.
cleared jam in top module. bag tab covering sensor. tested on site
put coin acceptor in place
torn dollar bill stuck in recycler
checked for bundler error in bnr for pml no error. SC locked up on admin terminal screen called Helpdesk and they sent a file to SC 31...rebooted working properly verified with Chevon
Checked unit but was able to scan with reader.
primary and secondary lock assy locked. unlocked lock handle then unlocked secondary lock assy, functions as designed, secured lock assy, sco secured
isc250 was not reading cards cleaned tested still same issue replaced isc250 on sco configure tested Operational
SCO is in service upon arrival. Speaking with the staff, SCO has not rebooted all day. Tested all devices. Made a personal purchase. SCO is functioning as should.
Suspending due to time restraints.
Brent on-site checking card reader on sco register 50. its being used now.  tested and working fine
Found scale with dashes on screen. Zeroed and verified operation.
problem was monitor calibrated tested verified aok with mod
Found Debit reader loose. Tightened and secured.
debit reader said not working. used cleaning card to clean card reader and tested working
see attached. lower door insert damaged.  ordering 4970454747 and 4970468573 to fedex 2000 S West waukesha
Self-checkout #45 didn't seem to have any problems printing and ejecting receipts. Printed out 10 test receipts with hood down, no faults or errors.
nff, register screen on. tested ok.
unit was showing 2prn error. after powering the unit down, thoroughly cleaning it, and re-seating all cables, the unit tested good after booting back up
receipt paper
Replaced non functional debit reader, tested OK per Team Lead.
Arrived to SCO up in normal mode and observed several good transactions.  Closing call
suspending to order new monitor
Replaced the display LCD monitor at the Pharmacy tasco. The replacement monitor is working good now as tested by pharmacist Thanth
Ordering a new debit reader part number 288-105-7002
Reloaded scanner firmware with ADD and verified working.
problem was money management counts being off informed csm to do purge
CSM FRANCISCO, REGISTER 6 CASH DRAWER NOT OPENING. WENT TO RESEAT CABLE FOUND  FRAYED ON ONE END. REPLACED CABLE. DOUBLE DUMPED AND TESTED GOOD
Preformed preventative maintenance on register 6 by racking out core and using canned air to blow out dust buildup in fan, on MB, and inside register cabinet vent. dusted out debris from beneath scanner/scale top plate, and used card cleaner to remove dirt from signature pad Dip/Swipe.
sco 46 scanner was offline... powercycled scanner, it came back online and tested fine with mod dina
After repeating connections and noticing the link RX/TX lights would stop blinking, I called WMIT, they remoted in and fixed port. SCO came up &amp; verified pinging. Tested (Customers Used).  WMIT: Marcus  CSM/TL: Bia
SCO was working when I arrived
The store claims that the lane was jamming in the spine, of arrived and found no jam. Did cleaned all of these sensors and tested the recycler a number of times with no issues
cleaned corners of touch screen reset calibration and tested
replaced and rebuilt (lan) dd.  tested with team lead robin.  josh rush mod approval to start work
complete
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
checked out the coin accepts
had reseated the canle on lane 49 scanner for the hand to start  reading
Base is older style Handscanner. Ordering new handscanner base. Already have new handscanner.
Reseated cables
reseat cable connection testing   good
reseated BNR cables rebooted ran ADD
no fault found upon arrival. tested in all 4 corners and center of top plate and tested fine.
On arrival, I watched multiple customers complete successful card transactions without an issue. I'm unable to duplicate an issue.
replaced debit reader and tested for functionally
Receipt printer was troubleshoot and issues were resolved, system was rebooted and working correctly.  Team lead Meisha has been notified.
cleaned core on reg 71
ordering cable for 7011 debit reader
removed broken verifone debit reader and cable, replaced with Ingenico debit card reader and cable, ran system reboot with double dump, configured register, tested in training mode, observed successful customer transactions, all systems are good
replaced debit reader.  all tests good
unit showing incorrect change in system. reconfigured to 0 and had manager reload change. tested and working.
cleaned debit
Cleared the cash dispenser fault, but locks are missing on both modules, also cleared the coin recycler error. Tested working ok
upon arrival found sco20 had link light.   email ce support verified sco20 is showing on the network.   spoke witb team lead Lana, repair complete
upon arrival found no problems with recycler cassette, customer stated bad recycler was moved.   NFF
upon arrival found printer error msg and blinking red on sco 20.  test in PML, stated no communication.   replaced printer,  tested with coach Amanda and store Planner Jo Ann, successful, repair complete
suspend for parts
reseated printer and tested it successfully
bnr would not accept  bills.cleaned dust from unit still would not accept. replaced unit. was not able to get into pml had to call level 2 to be patched in. rebooted lane ran alladd. tested unit.
replaced debit and tested
reseated the connection of door sensors and cleaned the hoppers and input/output chute assy.
143w50  was working when arrived , i reseated connection , ran add and rebooted, tested working good
Removed debris from bill entry slot
hard drive not loading, ordering replacement
Check SCO for proper operations and found no faults.  SCO is fully operational.
after double dumping the unit it tested good
cleaned bnr and cashbox was stock because in wrong position put in correct position working
Called helpdesk, said they found corrupted files, they rebooted and ran ADD, I found that it updated the BNR and the scanner scale. I ran a cash transaction but 1st item that was a dollar shows as 1 cent but total shows $1.00, tried this on lane 13 and it showed correctly, tried numerous times but still same issue for 1st item. Showed this to Jason and told him we will order HD 8770305406 to reimage.
I came back this morning and found customers using SCO 11 with no issues. I attempted to duplicate the error with scanning the same product but it came up correctly. I continued to monitor the SCO for a couple of hours with customers using transactions with no issue, I spoke with Team lead Sylvia about the issue and now resolved, closing the call.
priority call
cleared $.90 from.sigulator belt, all modes of payment available, sco put back in service
need to replace the singulator motor on this unit
Network cable was tangled.  Straight it out cable and find a good network port. Printer came up with no errors.
when arrived to siten there was a customer using the sco. the customer had no issues with the scale and hand held. after the customer left, I tested the sco and found no faults
clean coin path, reset SC047 ran ADD, Tested
sco lane 06, screen was flickering. did troubleshooting, found out that power connector was the issue. just removed and re-installed. reboot lane. it worked.
Base was not missing, tested without issues. Closed with csm
worked with level 2. ran patches. unit works. monitored customer use
hand scanner not reading barcodes reseaded battery tested Operational
arrived on site, located the defective lane,  cleaned sensors,  reset BNR, ran dispensing and accepting tests,  up and running...no errors.
nff unit was in use when I arrived I watched several transactions with no issues. i cleaned and tested ok mod elaine
Fujitsu Bnr had an A1 error code. Completely disconnected power for bnr then cycled cadd. During the cadd there was a firmware patch pushed to the bnr. Powered up and put system in pml. Dispensed notes out of each recycler and made sure system was fully operational
ordering scale board for scanner#46
cleaned BNR and tested unit
sco in service upon arrival cleaned sensors and rollers and tested by depositing notes device working properly
checked over all operations of the Coin recycling and the GSR50 could not find any damage or problems with dispense and present. all functions working ok
replaced isc250
replaced debit reader ops check ok
Replaced faulty reader.
Ordering new cable for handheld scanner.
Removed jammed coins and coupon from BCR, cleaned BCR  and tested, loaded lane and tested.
reseated cable for scanner scale, rebooted and tested
not reading card   replaced debit reader. configured host port.and ran ADD
switch was bent. straightened switch sensor and tested successfully
Ran ADD and fixed issue with SCO
Replaced ILT Coin Recycler.
cleaned all rollers and infeed belts on the GSR50 vacuumed and tested all functions ok
Removed coin and coupon from bill acceptor. Cleaned and tested good.
replaced the pin pad due to the icc and msr having issues reading cards.
cleaned and blew out spine with compressed air. received same spine jam error 51219. contacted guru for question regarding error code and was recommended part replacement 4970459221. part ordered by A72
cleared jam, cleaned sensor, dispensed and deposited coins. checks good
reset scanner scale,  run add,  recycled, working properly approved and tested by katylen team lead
PML showing hopper 2 jam. Removed hopper, removed turnstile, and cleared jam of a couple oennies that had stacked on top of eachother. Cleaned turnstile and exit chute, reassembled, tested deposit and dispense = fully operational.
Spine was loose we adjusted the spying tested it inside pml everything's working good now reopen the lane
bcr has a error 214 sensor blocked removed coin recycler and there was an onion shell blocking it.  removed reset ran add rebooted tested working good
Cleared jam under Coun Hopper 1 &amp; 2. Tested good! Also performed light cleaning inside BCR; updated cash counts as well!
nff working on arrival. inspected bcr and verified operation
Coins deposited are often rejected, but no errors. Some coins are accepted when a handful are deposited. Thoroughly cleaned coin acceptor sensors and chutes, tested = fully operational and now accepts all coins deposited without error nor issue.
cleared coin jam at input to eagle validator, tested, che ked out with Valencia, lead
lame 48 all balled up w coins.   dismantled side frame to clear.  clean reassemble and test good
replaced main module, firmware updated, cassettes empty, unable to test, no fault noted, sco put back in service
replaced the debit reader and tested
coupon stuck in the coin chute removed and return to service
no faults found in coin accepter. tested accepter in PML , all test successful. checked eagle coin accepter as well as sinulator belts. all test successful. sco back in service.
piece of shopping bag laying in BCR acceptor chute causing jam
cleaned bnr and tested on site
Changed out defective debit reader. Contacted CE support to reset the coms. Verified opporation and returned to service.
Sco 32 had debit reader not communicating. replaced once and it was.obf. rebooted and replaced with a second isc250.changed port with helpdesk and tested successfully.
reseated printer and tested it successfully
Per call notes, debit reader was missing cable. CE replaced missing debit reader cable. Tested debit reader ICC and MSR in training mode. Debit reader read ICC and MSR successfully. Debit reader is up and operational.
arrived on site,  located the defective card reader,  replaced it, adjusted settings,  called the Helpdesk and they rebooted lane and adjusted port...tested fine.
recalibrate scale
TL was stating it was dispensing too many penny's. Checked unit over and had unit dispense 20 penny's, unit worked correctly, cleaned unit and verifed operation.
Scanner scale lost communication.  Reseat cables.  Ran ADD and reboot.  Tested and watched multiple transactions.
clean coin acceptor tested ok
markings in the center of the receipt. cleaned and tested operational
clean spine sensors and belts. clea rest of sensors and belts on bnr. reset sco and test
Cleared coins jam in entry chute and reset BCR.
SCO in service upon arrival, after doing some cut tests successfully on the receipt printer it failed to actuate the knife, Replaced printer, tested successfully multiple times with print/cut tests and transaction, also examined SCO 47 which was in card only mode, cleaned 47 and returned to service without error, SCO 43 and 47 back in service.
Lane#49 debit reader cleaned/serviced, printer cleaned, printhead cleaned, removed all paper/debris, reloaded lane and tested.
reseat bnr sco 32
Ordering a preloaded hard drive with PN 8770305405
Replaced hard disk drive. Started reimage process. Called support and talked to Doe where she said lane is on the proper domain and she will take over to complete the process.  She said I can close my call.Advised shift lead Le'lani nit to touch the lane for the next couple of hours as patches/updates are pushed to the terminal.
Removed pieces of paper from singulator belt and coin acceptor sensors. Tested 3 times. SCO is up and selling
Recovered BNR incorrectly shipped directly to store, not CE as specified.
Removed and replaced defective gsr50 cashbox frame. Verified working properly by team lead Linna
SCO in service upon arrival, after inspection found no jam in bnr, cleaned with blower and tested for fault, no fault found, SCO back in service. Management noted debit reader has issues intermittently,  none found at time of service.
cleared cash jam and tested successfully
penny jammed in belt removed tested restored to service
Replaced HHS on SCO 43 as it was physically busted, the bottom of the scanner became separated from the top half, replaced scanner, programmed scanner and tested successfully.
arrived on site and checked in with team lead Justin. found register 52 offline. reboot the register multiple times since it was getting link lights and the cable was in good condition. once up had the walmart staff perform multiple live transactions. all tests passed. checked out with team lead Justin.
Calibrated touch screen and instructed team lead how to do so in the future. SCO is back in service
Troubleshoot and coin dispenser.
Completed
troubleshoot take apart clean adjust the reseat reload test in training mode
belt system not spinning but can hear coins in belt. disassembled bcr track and cleared several coins. once reassembled tested successfully with gstl. performed light cleaning on remainder of sco.
Cleaned off all accessible sensors and made sure that no coins were jammed in the BCR. All functioning.
no fault found out of scope service machine up and running tested okay working fine checked out with manager
debit reader was not configured called for it to get configured, rebooted system and did a transaction with an item and card use, test successful
Tested BCR,  No faults found, SCO is up and selling.
Adjusted the gear in the main module. No jams found. Tested good with Zara
Tested BNR, checked logs, observed customer cash transaction. no faults found
cleaned paper out of coin chute
could not confirm this issue.  Tested calibration successfully on all points
No data port found or access to connect. Manager Patricia said printer was over here from another location. I called Walmart HD and they said to have them do a MAC request to have a drop installed.
sco43 bnr fault. checked bnr and no jam found. performed pm. reset device and tested good. fault cleared, sco43 is back in service and verified by lead laurie.
sco 47 coin belk was put in wrong and all the coins that was feed in the machine did not.go to the hoppers cleared all.coins and put coin belk and cords in right place and cleared coins count so teaching could be accurate with count
replace Hopper and then tested test successful
clean hoppers,  sensors  and reloaded coins and tested with MOD. Margie.
Replaced card reader test OK spoke to Kayla team lead
Card reader showing card problem error so replaced
I replaced the pinpad and verified working.
SCO 45 was operational and in use upon arrival. No errors found. Unit and lane test good.
Was told register 7 receipt printer was printing light receipts. Opened printer and cleaned.Tested after cleaning and register 7 receipts are legible once again.
I reseted all contacts for reg.52 , rebooted , tested ok. 153z15
gsr jamming between cashbox and frame ordering new frame
problem was cash box replaced tested verified aok with mod
replaced printer as requested taking card swipes with no issues working properly
sending new part
I checked the operation of the scanner scald and it looks like the vertical camera has failed, will order part 4970503480 to gilroy fedx in Walmart next day.
arrived to site, had to stop by FedEx in Salina pick up part before arriving.  found scale scanner offline which I troubleshooted first and did get scaled back online.  replace vertical Optical assembly with part that was ordered. rebooted the lane, and when then came back up into service I tested the scale scanner which scan I have no problem but the vertical Optical did not scan any items still.  Ran ADD, reboot Lane again and when it came back up same issue.  voicemail issues with Gerber who help me troubleshoot the issue and it turns out this vertical Optical part that was ordered is compatible with the scale scanner 7879 that has a 4 USB ports on the bottom.  this scale 7879 only has two USB ports.  GURU emailed me the right compatible Optical part that is needed for this Lane. will be suspending caught ordering compatible Part.
CE troubleshot and inspected the unit. CE reseated cables and rebooted the unit. Tested Fine.
Spine failed, red LED indicated, PML spine failure, ran ADD, updated CAD files BNR would not take firmware. Replaced spine and BNR, SCO in operation.
Reseated cables and rebooted register. Verified unit returned to service with no faults. Confirmed successful customer transactions
cleared jam and ccx tested
unit error was spine hardware fault, belt was off the roller in spine, placed belt back on roller and tested accept and refund several times with no issues
reset note acceptor and self checkout. came up and tested ok and reboot
dusted cleaned and removed coins from inner belt
Called lvl-2 and confirmed ticket #21555993 for cabling with an ETA of April 27th, 17:00. Close call.
Port tested good.
Fixed the bills acceptor/dispenser on the SCO LN 30
no faults upon arrival everything working normally
replaced main module tested good
replaced debit reader and loaded then tested with juanita
eagle cassette was not properly installed... fixed issue and tested
coin counts are severely off. cash system is in need of an audit. tested and verified working correctly in PML. to correct counts on coin hoppers  adjust and reloaded coins initial dime count was 74 when actual was 4. nickel count was 39 actual was 7. tested and verified working correctly with cash management system.
Adjusted ribbon onto carriage, ran micr cleaning card, tested ok in trn.
SCO was up in full service upon arrival with customers using it. Tested BCR several times with no faults.
Site physically damaged and broke door handle and keylock on SCO50. Replaced and tested good
constant cashbox missing error and erroneous cashbox jam error. ordering cashbox frame 4970522699
reseated battery on hand scanner on reg 68. ran tests in training mode and was successful
Found chip and swipe dirty, cleaned and reset and tried 5 different credit card with chip and swipe with no issue. Previously said credit card like Wells Fargo and others wouldn't detect on both registers 67 and 70 but would work on other registers. Registers are up and running.
reset sco/test bnr ok/Spoke2 Kelly
cleared jam
Removed jammed bills inside loader box and performed light cleaning
Walmart Register 1. The hand scanner was moved to the cash office. located it and installed the unit, then tested with a training mode transaction. unit works fine now
no faults were found.reset unit. ran various test and all pass.
Check the Terminal. Clean the Receipt Printer. Re-seated the Cable. Load the Receipt Paper. Reset the Register. Test the Receipt Printer, Ok!
clean around top plate and laod cell and test
The Lane is 97 instead of 98. Screws were missing from debit reader mount. Remounted debit reader. Tested works well. Verified by Team Lead Debbie
double dump system tested all hood Reg back in service
O60-SCO 47- SCO was cards only mode upon arrival. Error says note jam in recycler 6. Checked recycler 6 for note jam. no jam found. reseated the cassette. Ran ADD on next rebooted and rebooted SCO. Error cleared. unit functioning properly upon departure.
customers had to dip and swipe cards several times before transaction went through. replaced with a new one. had Csm test with multiple customers.  working fine.
after testing found bnr head module bad, ordering replacement
performed a double dump and reconnected the customer display
same as sco 50. fitnet error no link lights on ebox. reset switch port with line tester. came on line and tested good. today team lead.
cleared jammed Coins s reset ran add and tested lane with Toya.
Reg 62 Cash Drawer will not pop open. Troubleshooting. Check and reset connections in both sides. Adjust. Check lock and solenoid. Release paper from inside. Adjust lock. Reboot. Tested. Problem Solved
Reseated battery in hhs and restarted terminal. Part ordered
Replaced defective base for hand scanner. Hand scanner is now charging and scanning.
debit reader had no screen display, tested it and unplugged cables still nothing, replaced debit reader, tested it with a transaction, test successful
resat power cable on note acceptor. tested with no faults. watched a transaction performed successfully.
ran add and tested
Talked to team lead Odalys she said the fixed the issue by reseat the scanner scale cable and its working fine now.
replaced pinpad
reseated
I replaced damaged cable for hand held scanner at lane 46 . 497 0434414 is on order. 153z15
rebooted and ran addall and scale reinstalled and came back up. tested and was weighing with no issues. sco back in service
no fault found
Troubleshoots by checking SCO health status and its ok. and Run add on, power recycling BCR and reboot SCO. All transactions test passed and SCO up running without fault.
replaced debit reader, working properly approved by Gina team lead
replaced debit reader and configured port
cleaned card slots and tested. watched several transactions complete
replaced printer and ran add. now operational
Troubleshoot. Calibrated monitor. tests ok
Power cycle and reset performed on unit. All systems came back normally. Scale and handheld scanner tested by scanning 4 different items. SCO left in service fully operational.
Arrive the store waiting to lane with close once able to get on to register troubleshoot issue. Check to see if cable connected behind scanner receive it cable. Then remove cable from handheld scanner and then re install cable. Foot lane back and service witness customers use skinny silver items on transaction test good manager Francisco
hand gun missing ordering part. waiting on part to be deliver
fixed coin issue. replaced Card reader. tested all good SCO back in service
fixed jam issue and reading coins. tested all good now SCO back in service
Ordered cassette to my default next day!
arrived to site, replaced $5 cassette,  configured magnets settings,  and found issues with safe lock which I was to rebuilt.   lane is back in service.
debit reader pen is missing, ncr not support pen. report to team lead Karlee
attendant stated bills not accepted. cleaned all bnr sensors and got all green lights. tl Guy loaded bills and all accepted.
no fault found
checked and cleaned unit. testing good in diags.
acceptor not latched properly
replaced and tested
Found door open on Eagle.   Cleaned as required.   Rebooted.   Had register dispense coins.   No problems Found.  Fully functional
calibrated scale
ordering hhs and cable
reset cables, rebooted, tested fine.
spk w csm darryl. reseated cabling and rebooted.
replace hand scanner
Unit had Bill's caught in main module of recycler. Cleared Bill's. Reset recycler and tested with TL Kat.
ordering hdd next day to pittston fedex
replace the card reader with new one on rebooting hard drive was corrupted have to replace hard drive now
Reseated touch screen cabling
Reseated cables to monitor and performed a double dump. Unit came up operational.
no fault found
Replaced pinpad.  Rebooted and tested.
worked with hd, was told that the store needed to contact field support (pos) and let them know it us a software issue.  cardreader is working just not for gift and wic
New lane setup lanes don't have lane 45 anymore only low numbers and per mgr JB all pinpads are working .
reboot lane and worked with helpdesk
replaced and tested operationsl
bnr does not see spine. powered off and reseated cable and bnr sees spine then drops it after about 20 minutes.  ordering new spine to fedex.
at arrival signature capture unit didn't read chip on cards, replaced whole unit
Replaced bnr top module for chronic phantom jamming. Tested after successfully.
Morning shift csm had resolved issue by ce arrival
ce reseated all cables due to belt not functioning. verified function and returned to service.
Replaced GSR50 Note Recycler and frame.  Input all $1's and $5's into new recycler with the assistance of Team Lead Kristen.  Ran Diagnostics and tested successfully.  Performed live transactions with no issues.  SCO fully functional at time of departure.
sco 46 replaced bnr head unit reset tested good
piece of $1 note jammed exit sensor. cleared, tests good
removed all coins in singulator and escalator belts. clean exit sensors and coin acceptor.  run pml,  test dispenser and acceptor.  tested okay.  reseat handheld scanner cable.  restart sco.  tested okay
replaced bad pinpad
reset HHS scanner, tested operation, working good.
rebooted scale.and checked connections. scale came back and was working no issues. watched multiple customers use sco with any issues
swapped hhs with lane 37 which had the older model hhs which works fine with this lane
arrived at store went to SCO 29, no errors, checked PML and run ADD and no errors.
Nff. Unit in full service upon arrival.
cleaned and reset card reader,reads 2nd card only. rebooted to same. replaced the card reader and tested ok with Norma. processed part.
was able to get printer working by plugging it into original port. cabling team needs to come and install new ports behind printer and under new shelf area
Cleaned IR sensor on register one confirmed operational touchscreen
No fitnet error found. SCO was up and running. CSM Cesar confirmed lane was working ok.
Found nickel jammed in coin slide before coin acceptor. Also found dime jammed in coin hopper. Removed media and cleaned BCR. BCR tested good and confirmed resolution with Eddie Team Lead.
port was configured incorrectly. After calling the help d es sk they were able to configure it properly. Tested with  fernando/csm
Found some jammed coins in the upper coin track. cleared jam and cleaned unit.  performed several test all passed.  sco was up and running upon departure from site.
moved patch cable to different port, reconfigured, tested cash management machine.
eagle coin recycler sorting unit was loose inside of the device after adjusting it and testing it it is not working and accepting coins and dispensing them without issue
Swapped unit with same model from PPK.
Found scanner scale cable loose on back of core. Reseated cable, rebooted core.  Tested good
noted dirty horz window under top plate cleaned window - noted scale rocking in cabinet - adjusted scale mounts - weight ok - no calibration needed - tested both scanner bed windows and HHS (not seated properly) - all tested ok db rdr and printer ok / LCD touch and keyboard ok - closing call
replaced printer, reboot, tests good
arrived on site,  located the defective lane,  cleared coin path from jammed coupon,  reset BCR, ran dispensing and accepting tests,  up and running.
Replaced HHS and tested ok.
Cleaned EMV reader and magnetic swipe reader. Tested successfully with multiple test transactions.
arrived on site and found no fault on lane, tested lane with lead Jamie, and test was successful  and did multiple transactions. lane still fully functional
Reseated cable going into scanner. Tested scanner scale and HHS, tested ok no errors.
a69: replaced debit reader on lane 21
Reseated cables to scanner/scale on Register 52 and confirmed with CSM Maria that all is operational.
Clean logistic, reset cable, clean printer, keypad, reboot, check and test, working correctly
replaced debit reader tested and functions
No fault found. Contacted level 2.  Igor and store Roxanne.
Replaced card reader. Put register in training mode and tested.  passed test. Team Lead Amanda
scale was not  weighing anything, pulled scale out made sure the connections were good, unplugged them and forced firmware, scale now  weighs products
tellermate not connecting. worked with hdesk and it was determined it needed firmware update. hdesk sent me files and I updated. now on line and good test by Samantha/TL
Ran PML on unit, GSR50 had cashbox sensor blocked error. Thurally cleaned GSR50 and BCR. Ran PML to confirm all devices have no issues. Put lane into service and watched multiple customers conduct successful transactions.
blew out the printer and successfully tested
cleared jammed pennies from hopper exit and tested
Scanner scale working fine on arrival but volume was down and volume button did not work. Reset scanner scale then pressed the button and made volume up.
troubleshoot. power issue at source. multiple devices down. inform csm carrisa to contact facility or electrician
Arrived to find Register 4 operational with no errors or error codes. Confirmed with AP Mgr Angie that all is operational.
Took pics of state of health showing no faults and attached to this task before closing.
Cleaned all modules and reseated all modules. Top module still showing jam error. Call suspended to order new top module. Will follow up upon receipt of part.
printer unpluged
@@@ replaced HHS that would not sync to base..also was not making and beep noises at all..tested with TL Irene@@@
cleared the jammed coins, cleaned the money gunk, verified good functionality, and requested the CSM restrict it to card only as the site did not get a brinks run yesterday.
on arrival SCO in lane closed mode. spoke with attendant who stated issue is DR is rejecting most debit cards and all discount cards. replaced due to debit issue, as discount is a known issue. also was informed about SCO 7 having issues with discounts. had L2 close SCO 7 ticket as a known issue that will be fixed at the next patch.
on arrival associate said that just before I arrived, they rebooted the scanner and it came online.  I watched several good transactions.
replaced debit
reset HHS battery. unit scanning properly now.
the note recycler needs to be replaced so I am suspending this call until the replacement part arrives. P/N: 4970459220
There was no fault found on this machine. I checked the device health in PML and no faults found. I placed the machine back into service without any issues.
found no fault upon arrival. checked all cables to make sure they were fully seated and rebooted register. test and verified working correctly. checked out with lead Jodi.
ordering a kvm display and keybd. 877-030-2691
able to remove note jam with lead on-site/ coach yamna working properly after jam removed tested live with customers working properly
cleared cash jam from recycler
called HD and determind thin client bad ordered replacement pn 8770321344
CE checked device diagnostics and found an error at the avalanche sensor. CE cleaned up the sensor and made sure there was no debris. CE restored to service and was able to test the BCR successfully.
CSM Norma, SCO 44, Used PML diagnostics to test the note recycler and it dispensed 8 notes of all denominations with no issues.  No fault found.
replaced defective debit reader on 71 that was replaced at another reg
replaced debit card reader
REPLACED MOTHERBAORD. TESTED SUCCESSFULLY.
clear note in cash recycler one. clean entire cash acceptor and rebooted system. tested operation all seems to be functioning fine
Removed 20 dollar jam from behind cashbox, tested and confirmed with Front End Lead Ashley that all is operational
Removed 10 dollar jam behind cashbox, tested and confirmed with Front End Lead Ashley that all is operational.
unable to reproduce issue
replaced recycler and tested
Troubleshot. Associate loading SCO with coins incorrect. Cleared jam  Tested. All tests passed. Returned SCO to normal mode. Followed up with ASM Mark
worked with help desk to troubleshoot issue and adjust volume, tested unit, all systems are good
SCO 44, touchscreen is working fine however the scale and hand scanner are offline. reseated all cables and ran ADD to update firmware for both devices. error cleared and devices are working properly now.
replaced defective debit reader.
Replace pinpad, tests ok.
no faults on unit. observed multiple customers use unit with no issues. cleared with csm yvonne
swapped card reader and emailed hd to swap ports. tested unit. unit is working properly
pinpad replaced and tested good
self checkout 36 debit reader is working fine CSM Zack was with me while we witness multiple transactions
replaced defective pin pad programmed reboot  test operational
Site is to first perform level 1 troubleshooting on unit by following on screen instructions to clear this particular coin hopper jam. If issue persists NCR will dispatch.
sc 38 load cell issue state has to come back and recheck to take scale out of do not use csm ginger
replaced defective debit reader    rebooted terminal   tested and returned to service
cleared jammed receipt paper, tested good
lane 49 inspect found printer not feeding paper,  replace defective part and tested,  test-ok
Replaced debit reader and called support to configure it
Replaced defective tasco. Part not released from ESL to be recieved. Contacted warehouse to resolve issue, will return part on a clone when available. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
replaced defective debit reader with unauthorized on display. configure replacement and return to service
SCO was rebooted by customer. No issues with lane upon arrival. Spoke with helpdesk about ongoing issues with lane. Spoke with CSM Syarif. Told CSM lane needs to be left in error and not rebooted so issue can be identified properly by helpdesk.
first of all the cash box wasnt seated correctly,  and second of all there was 3 folded one dollar Bill's inside the BNR. removed and sent through once I got the SCO back up and running.
spoke to level to to get site list of registers updated, remodel site. there is no longer a scot 46
cleared all dust and debris from bnr, cleaned all sensors, rollers and belts. once all completed.  reset device in pml no errors shown sco 33 is up and functioning properly mod: Jane
Cleaned dip and swipe reader and fixed issue.
Replaced and configured pinpad.  Rebooted and tested.
cleaned all sensors, belts and rollers once cleaned reset device in pml. put sco back into check out no issues during testing.. mod: Jane
lane 37 pin pad replaced, reload fw first time and never took it reload 2nd time and now pin pad working  logo changed. notify cassandra
cleared paper from roller blocked feed path. unit testing good
I will followup tomorrow morning
reset printer.  no issue seen on multiple prints
reseated cables between the scanner scale and the register tested fine after
check all cables connections then reboot hole unit working fine tested by manager  tresa
sensormatic box was unplugged causing interference with weighing, tested fine after cable was reseated
A006 printer is failing error. Replaced printer and verified working AOK.
no fault found
reset coins dispenser tested okay working fine checked out with manager
I checked in with team leader (Caitlyn) when I arrived on site. I didn't find anything wrong with the BNR on this SCO. I cleaned the BNR and still checked for health stat in PML diagnostics all looks good. I witnessed customers use the SCO completing successful transactions paying with cash/coin and card payments. Everything is working properly at this time.
rebooted register tested good put back in normal operations
no fault found... cable looks brand new
Contacted Kiki upon arrival about SCO48 Hand Held scanner issue.  Had Beam, didn't scan barcodes. Reseated USB cable.  Cleaned SCO48. Reset BCR and BNR in PML. No errors after reset and run add and Rebooting SCO48. Hand Held Scanner worked during purchase. I let customer know status. Task completed.
replaced defective debit reader confirmed operational with csm Pam, also had to zero out coins in pml to get coin count correct in wm cash mgmt sw
scale was plugged into port H upon arrival on superio. checked sco  superio3cable input on k knowledge base.  scale CA ke supposed to be on port G. after reseating ports was able to find driver detection on scale. waited for sco go reboot and tested ti cibfifn operation of scale and no slowness present
Issue was in conjunction with previous task. Monitor was slow/freezing. Issue was no longer a problem after cadd was ran. Verified proper functionality during bnr check up.
Customer had rebooted SCO. Upon arrival the SCO was still booting back up. Lane was verified working AOK when it came back up.
Performed light cleaning on BCR &amp; reboot SCO.  Ran a few transactions.  Tested Ok.
coin recycler reset and cleaned. tested with customers
unit operational on arrival has been working all day per attendant store is busy with a line  no fault found
on arrival there was no faults found. watched multiple customers successfully use the sco. updated csms kris and triva. csm kris stated that he had already resolved issue.
replaced pinpad
Brent on-site checking sco register 37. scanner scale was off line was told that scanner scale was dropped by walmart  Personnel.  Open the back panel found ribbon cable unplugged from main board Please see attached photos.  Plug back in scanner still not working using scanner testing working from a different register to test. moved scanner scale from sco register 51.  because register was already down. for parts ordered . tested and working.   Verified with Charlie CSM
CE arrived to the self check out to investigate the issue with the receipt printer. CE found the unit up and in service, and printing receipts just fine. CE tested the device several times, but was unable to recreate any issues. CE determined operational.
Replaced ISC250 on SCO 56 Old ISC250 2216088SC010418 with New  ISC250 2217259SC011006 Test reads are good  checked Dash Board confer w Zoya
Replaced DD controller HD and rebuilt lan with Emanuela from lv2 support. After rebuilding lan successfully, we had manager diego check sco and registers. all ok. released by emanuela.
port disabled.  data fed through cabling. unit operational.  tested and working.
cleaned print head and tested good
repaired receipt printer and tested
reseat brds and cables reset test network prob
Spoke to Erin (MOD), she provided the maintenance kit. Installed maint kit, tested print from trays 1-3 and duplexer.
SCO t1 off network.  Contact Stab team to reinatialize port. Cleaned BCR components and BNR sensors.  Rebooted lane to welcome screen
upon arrival unit was being used by customer and did not notice any issues with self check  called Helpdesk and suggested to wait to see what the self check does and then replaced motherboard if issue re-occurs  explained to Team lead Heater
replaced cmos battery.
replaced defective debit reader confirmed operational with csm Pam
Replaced debit reader
cleaned printer
barcode scanner was not working rebooted updated chat still would not work call Walmart support. They were able to send an update to the firmware and the Hand scanners firmware was updated after another reboot tested still going at work had to reset using barcodes it is now scanning as it should
Cleaned printer, no change in receipts. Swapped defective printer with onhand replacement, SCO restored to full functionality
Per TL, debit reader was not working. Replaced and tested in live transactions.
fixed touch not communicating
Changed out  Pin pad for self check out
no faults at time of service. verify with team lead Roz. Return to service.
removed a coupon from coin entry chute. coin acceptor not properly mounted remounted. coin acceptor power cable not fully seated reseated. reboot ops check ok
Replaced tray 2
sco38 debit reader has alert interruption error. replaced debit reader and tested good. sco38 is back in service.
changed penpad
training with g15
monitor is failing. ordering replacement
Adjusted wiring and it powered ok. Paired pv and ptr, tested ok.
Cleaned the avalanche sensor. SCO tested good with Customer transactions
initialized unit
ordering bill acceptor to fedex raynham
no fault was found, tested the dispenser,  put unit back into service,  had several customers use the self check out with bills,  no issues
Tested printer before replacing. Printer is printing good. MOD also said it's fine. Cleaned print head.
O56- sco was not reading coins that were inserted on arrival. I disassembled bcr and cleaned all sensors. coin chute had sticky residue all through it. I found a jam in 8 way diverter and jam was cleared. I then tested bcr and still didnt register coins. I replaced coin acceptor and tested again. bcr is now registering all coins. once back in service I purchased cleaning wipes with change and sco registered all coins. sco was fully operational before leaving site. csm elise
nff, unit up and operational with  no errors, confirmed operational with mgr Ronnie
infeed belt caught in gears,  cleared and teste unit operating
Completed
completed
replaced debit reader, not accepting chip cards. contacted HD to configure comm. port.
jammed pennies under the coin rotor took rotor off and cleared Jam everything working normally
Walmart SSCO R5 LANE 36. BCR. no fault found upon arrival, the store had an acceptor chute error on Sunday,  since they called it in, I cleaned the unit out with a DataVac blower and tested with 5 coins dispensed and accepted. unit works fine now
Cleaned print head mirror, printer is printing dark again. Tested by associate.
Cross Com has ticket
SR 7111602875 open for this issue
replaced faulty isc250 with new unit and configured, emailed support to clear com port and reboot.  came back up and tested with live transaction. checked out with team lead Melonee
Complete Task
reseated cable connection cleaned and rebooted register unit tested good
TS, replaced ISC250 on REG10, configs loaded verified working and checked out. couldnt process old ISC250 on call as its not displaying part in material but a new pinpad has benn used to replace old unit.
Complete Task
cleaned and tested debit reader no issues. reads mag stripes both directions and reads chips no issues.
Complete Task
jam cleared and tested
tower board assembly gone bad, 8 ascending beeps
Cleared large jam and replaced coin acceptor for chronic fault. Tested afterwards successfully.
remove jam and test
no fault found 43 already fixed by associate when i arrived 44 causing errors waited on team Lead
upon arrival unit powered on with no error showing. Scale is scanning, not weighing items. Reseated cable to usb hub. scale weighing and scanning items.
reset cash acceptor then tested scot 44
cleared jam tested good
What did you see? (What symptoms did you visually identify)  The Bill Recycler Cash Box Frame was showing an error at the rear sensor. What did you do? (What actions were taken to confirm the failure) Put into profile manager and performmed diagnostics. There was an error.  What do you need? (What part of resource support is needed) 4970522699 Cash Box frame. Why do you need it? (What is the old part not doing)  Existing one has error
replaced ingenico isc250 due to not reading chips. after replacement contacted the HD to ha e port configured and rebooted.
removed debris
new HHS would not connect, suspending to order new
reconfigured settings on reg
terminal working, when demonstrated to CE unit worked properly and promptly. store doesnt like having to log in to use time clock feature but that is not CE correctable
Checked in with Manager Mike. Checked and reseated all cabling in time clock. Rebooted the device. Worked with Igor at BST L2 who suspected multiple card swipes too close causing the errors; known issue for this timeclock model Conferenced with Mike who stated he was told the timeclock would be replaced as this is an ongoing issue. Approved by Igor to get new ATS PeoplePoint timeclock and sent part #s. part# 2881059630 (timeclock) and part# 2881063974 (new bracket). Ordering parts.
143W48  5 cent hopper sensor error, cleared hopper and cleaned and issue persisted ordering 5 cent hopper
143W48  1 cent bin sensor error, cleared bin and cleaned and issue continued. order 1 cent bin
no member of management available to access personal office
spoke to dan at the helpdesk, reset settings for tray 1 and 2, it was configured to the wrong paper size, tested with pat the manager , everything working proplery
per CSMs Elsie and Lana sco 37 having receipt printer issue. sco attendant said she had had no issues with unit and when previous receipt was printed it was clear and legible
reset hhs
reseated kybd cable and double dumped reg and tested with csm
reterminated network cable going to TC01 at counter. monitor going out and so was replaced
Complete Task
went to SCO 47, BCR error, inspected BCR and found a piece of paper in avalanche chute, removed paper and reboot and tested 4
coin recycler reset and cleaned. tested with customers
BNR was troubleshoot and issues were identified and resolved,  system is now working correctly.  Team lead Charlie has been notified.
removed jammed bill from cassette entry and reset application. verified via customer transaction
ordered cash drawer
I cleaned ,lane 39 , tested ,damaged cash box needs replacement.  153z15
I updated bios configured correctly tested no fault found
root cause of issue determined to be jammed notes in the  note acceptor.  actions taken: removed jammed notes from the BNR and tested system by starting a transaction.
no problem found working on arrival.
replaced debit reader and cable
travel
sco needs new hard drive ordering part number 8770304505 to my default
replaced hard drive and set up sco will call to patches updated at 12
level the scanner scale and  test. test ok per bea the csm
associates recovered
Repeated flag pole cable and it brightened up the customer display.
Cleaned card reader slot and swipe and fixed issue
replaced ISC250 and set comns
Sco51 card reader failure. Replaced witness Kelli sch
Reg92 hand scanner issues. Replaced witness Elija tl
Reported that scale was offline.  Found BNR in error. Top recycler bit lights were off. Removed and reset cash box.  Removed the recycler and found a dollar bill jammed. Removed the bill and reinserted the recycler. The bit lights came on. Reinserted the cash box Reset the error and the SCO came back online with full service.  Luis/cashier  153z21
went to SCO 24, BNR error,  inspected and error on recycler cassette,  removed bill jam from recycler cassette and reboot and tested good
unit up on arrival. tested with Emily. couldn't replicate error. unit has been in service all day.
upon arrival sco46 not In service and not loaded.  after site loaded SCO, tested F53 with 3x10 n note test, successful.  clean BCR and note acceptor.  sco46 back service
Found print head dirty. Cleaned and rebooted with ADD. SCO rebooted twice and successful. Checked two receipts and successful.
windows fail HDD on order for next day to FedEx in Plano
Repaired loose touchscreen and the cable to keyboard was out.
replaced the spine and had to reboot system several times and had to do cadd files. Finally I found a jam in the bnr main module Removed and customer tested with no further issues
site check all operational
swapped pinpad
replaced recycler cassette tested in pml
SCO 44. Installed updated lock per TA408.
SCO 45. Installed updated lock per TA408.
SCo 46. Installed updated lock per TA408.
replaced defective verifone
debit reader was showing Alert Interrupt on screen. replaced debit reader and rebooted SCO to get downloads. SCO is up and running without faults.
Replaced touchscreen and calibrated then tested with no issues. PCB was not the right one and ended up not being needed
csm's and store associates could not log into the self-checkout 31  because it was offline.  no link lights were observed.  help desk was able to reset the port on the switch self checkout now operational
Inspected SCO 48, damage to HHS cable was miniscule to outside sheath, discussed with team lead Jin and we will not replace chord.
replace and load debit reader
replaced thin client due to it not posting. posts but won't get pass setup and the license installment. worked with lvl2 and a no go. whole unit was replaced on Saturday for one the was at EOL and worked until Sunday afternoon. lvl2 sent ticket to sw support and said ok to close.
swapped with another and replaced debit on lane 7
replaced ped
Defective card reader was replaced and system updated,  system was rebooted and new caer reader  is now working correctly. Team lead Meisha has been notified.
SCO in card only mode upon arrival, after inspection found no jam in bnr, but it was pretty covered in dust, cleaned, tested with healthcheck with no fault, SCO back in service.
reset scale
checked pml. searched through system and finally found a tiny piece of onion skin on avalanche sensor. cleared a d tested ok
clean and reset unit watch customer use ok
verified SCO stuck on connecting.  called L2 support and they checked the network port and was able to get SCO back online. rebooted and tested all functions ok
pin pad ordered on task 8111505820
cleaned cabinetry, note acceptor, coin acceptor, coin delivery and senors as 2x 10y error was being displayed on the bcr. unit is back in service.
Self checkout 44,replaced debit reader
Keypad was unplugged from monitor. Reseated cable and tested. Verified working AOK.
Assoc reporting SCO scanner scale, checked connections, cleaned, hard reboot system working
cleaned and tested
rap 55 boot looping with windows internal error, ordered hard drive
rap station 52 off network,  traced as cable issue grocery 2 switch port 8, patch tested good, cable team being sent, mod lisa
replaced debit reader then reboot hole unit working fine tested by manager tresa
upon arrival unit powered on with no error showing. tested by inserting card. card caught on something, wiggled card and obstruction cleared. replaced debit reader, set host port. rebooted lane, updated firmware.
suspending to run a type 1 call that just came in will run next
replaced debit reader and tested with csm
Booted SCO. Spoke with helpdesk and had them verify SCO. Helpdesk  advised to replace 7702 motherboard. Ordering replacement part advised 4970519551
motor are on recycler to, replaced recycler and tasted good in PML and verified by Vicki team lead
receded connection to hand scanner than Rebooted register 8 ,was able to scan items
Replaced printer on SCO 45 and tested.
CE verified alert irruption fault. CE replaced card reader with an  off the books reader. CE set host port for use on R5 SCO. CE commanded SCO to run ADD on next reboot then rebooted SCO. CE verified lane came into service and watched customers use SCO. CE spoke with site regarding repair.
i found no issues with hhs i found belt turned off i corrected and tested ok.mod Sheryl
a69: Replaced main mod
replaced debit reader
tech replaced Mx711 maintenance kit in printer PRT-058.  verified good print with Justin @ AP and checked out with SYSTEM.
cleared blocked sensor on 25 cent hopper unit is fully operational performed test in pml
The base it's not charging the scanner. The damaged base has been replaced and tested. Raymond confirmed the resolution.
Reseated cabling on monitor
Scanner would not weigh, disconnected,  reconnected scale, tested and verified by associate Shelby
run cadd and reboot.
per kendra service desk.  double dumped 93
replaced debit reader. tests good
Complete Task
replaced ISC250 on sco
unit working properly when tech arrived.  no fault found on unit
1 cent hopper exit sensor blocked. once customers were done using lane, CSM assisted with getting me access to coin hoppers. the 1 cent hopper had a bent penny stuck in it. after removing, fault cleared and lane went into service and was tested using coins. lane in service.
spoke with help desk.... they requested a new hard drive. part number 877-030-5405.
replaced debitnon sco 33 and checked all.scosnkn rap55
relocated pos to above cash drawer cables keep getting pulled causing issues, rebooted and tested
replace debit reader tested ok
brackets on lane 6,14,17 and 20 were installed.
Spoke with manager Barbara clear sensor on coin acceptor then tested unit before leaving the site.
Spoke with manager Barbara reconfigure settings on self check out then tested you know with staff before leaving the site.
143w41 reseated all connections and rebooted unit and unit tested good
calibrated detecto scale
pinpad not taking chip payment cleaned pinpad and tested all operational
unit had no link lights on arrival.  worked with help desk to reawaken port. rebooted lane afterwards and working as. ormal
On arrival, when attempting to access the failed printer, Dennis, MOD, declined service.
-Tested, unable to clear error -Rebooted, same issue. Bundler won't clear by itself -Replaced bundler -Tested, accepts and dispenses correctly
pen pad not reading cards replaced with part number 2881057002. tested by making purchases with card.
Complete Task
Check-In with the Store CSM/Ms. Rosemary. Work with the Walmart Level2 Support/Mr. Darco. No Available CR2023 Battery in the store. Buy the CR2032 Battery in other store then back to Walmart. Ms. Rosemary approved to start working on CC/DD Controllers. As per Instructions from the Walmart Level2 Support/Mr. Darco, Ok to Power-Off the DD Controller. Clean the DD Controller. Replaced the CR2032 Battery. Configured the Bios Date and Time. Power-On the DD Controller. The DD is on Log-In Screen. The Walmart Level2 Support/Mr. Darco Check the DD Controller. As per Mr. Darco the DD Controller is Back On-Line with No Fault. The DD Controller is Back in Service! Notified the Store TL/Mr. Caden.
Replaced defective receipt printer. The prior printer was not printing correctly and was fading. After new install the receipt printer accepted the firmware without any faults.  The SCO is back in service without any faults.
lanes 190 and 194 need debit reader cables,ordered 2 debit reader cables
replaced defective cable and tested successfully by customers
part pick up locally
fixed jam , rebooted and tested,  sco back to normal operations  snfi Msta na
ordering scan gun
replaced scan gun
no fault on arrival tested unit to ensure no issue printer working
whole unit printer will be replaced as no spare parts available for older model ms512. spoke with walmart level 2 and new one will be issued out then we will be dispatched again to install
new Lexmark ms510dn ordered for cash office.
Connexus did not have access. Port for logic not communicating,  called HD and reconfigured port and has RAMIN tested. All tests passed
Printer failing error on reg4, printer was cycling whenever printer lid was touched, replaxed printer tst ok
replaced ateb/I've, rebooted &amp; tested ok.
chexked
chelced
Replaced debit reader and tested during transaction which passed.
SCO 10 going to need software per helpdesk wont take printer firmware update and showing script on screen
Replace pinpad, tests ok.
SCO 4 going to need a new power supply cord to monitor keep losing power once you open the hood
SNFI. ISC250 WORKING UPON ARRIVAL. WATCHED SEVERAL CUSTOMERS USE IT WITH NO ISSUE.
check status of lane 38 found in degraded mode with lead Sarah
OGP printer in need of cartridge and imaging kit. Lead Heather asked me to look at printer
Printer was having a blank space in the midlo of the receipt. Cleaned head unit and removed a piece of paper that was blocking the head. Reboot SCO 35 and updated firmware. SCO 35 is up and working fine. Tested ok
Replaced cardreader as requested.   Ran add on.   Rebooted.   Register fully functional
removed debris
ordering main module to fedex raynham
sco 46 not accepting bills,  I cleaned the sensors on the bnr,  reset and tested, verified working
no faults found tested okay. cleaned the pin pad.
cable from the hhs base was not connected to the terminal, reseated cable and rebooted, tested and verify, spoke2 zoey tl
Found and removed several jammed ones in BNA, tested and verified by associate Alice
Re-Seated battery for HHS lane 1. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
check status of lane 56 found in degraded mode with lead Sarah
swapped bnr main module, fatal jam main module locked
hard drive not loading, ordering replacement
per support ordering another replacement hdd
The scanner scale was not displaying weight, neither scanning. Reboot the terminal 10 and reseted all cables. Terminal 10 is up and working fine after reboot. Tested ok
cleaned and tested hhs and touch screen, both tested ok, verified by csm
register 48v scanner scale LED bar is acting really weird but the scale itself is operational the LED bar needs to be replaced
reseated battery on the hand held it started charging and scanning
Dusted off the spine and other part of BNR as well as the BCR of SCO  register #37 then restarted register.  The register and its peripherals are fully functioning now as attested by Team Lead Elizabeth
help desk is sending a new updated thin client to the store.  closing call . per. help desk.
swapped bin 2 to bin 1 paper feed roller., left note to order maintenance kit.
also dd n 91 and wrong style reader swapped out
removed debris from exit sensor and latched coin validatitor and tested in diagnostics
After conflicting tracking number part is not available. Suspending for part. ETA Tuesday FedEx. Tracking number 121895802800.
replaced HHD. followed steps to complete process. called help desk to start patch. will be complete in 2hrs
hand held replaced tested working properly on lane 3
Reg6 was said to be running slow. Did a double dump, and reIDed. Running much smoother now.
Replaced damaged cable on hhs and tested it successfully
checked allmscos rap52, replaced debitnon scon44
cleaned sensors on main module. tested and works
Troubleshot. Replaced defective card reader.  Rebooted. Tested. All tests passed. Returned register to normal mode. Followed up with ASM Kim
reset debit reader on self checkout and tested good and verified by Vicki team lead
the touchscreen work great. no problem found with the touchscreen. everything is good
replaced debit reader
Cleaned the bill exit and jam sensors. Spoke 2 Martha Team Lead
replaced input chute tested in pml
Coin bowl issues were troubleshoot and resolved,  system is now working correctly.  Team lead Meisha has been notified.
143w54: Reseated the recycler and cleaned off the sensors and tested it and it is working well.
cleared coin jam
cleared debris from scanner scale
cleared coin jam
reilgister down to z001... re Id register and dumped.
reg 92 inspect clean chip and msr,  tested with manager debit reader working fine issue with financial services for money order reject cards contact helpdesk follow instructions still not working call assigned to field support
Unpluggrd cable connections on back of unit. Also found coupon stuck in Note acceptor. cleared debris and rebooted unit.
worked with ncr help desk per help desk image transfer replacement no ncr must be ordered with walmart
register 5 debit reader showing card problems cleaned and reseated cable connection rebooted payment terminal unit tested good
replaced debit reader mounts.
Cleaned card reader EMV and Swipe contacts. Tested successfully with multiple test transactions.
Cleaned card reader EMV and Swipe contacts. Tested successfully with multiple test transactions.
Cleaned card reader EMV and Swipe contacts. Tested successfully with multiple test transactions.
an oh by the way , sco 46.  associates complained of coin issues, inspected and tested unit operational in pml
tech ts, worked with L2 to reconfigure printer network stack, rebooted andntrsted ok with Vlabimir at L2 and Nellie in receiving.
reset debit reader and reboot machine. Tested on my card.
Troubleshooting register 45
Reg1 hand scanner not seated properly in nest; discharge allowed. Alignment achieved, charging verified witness Linda cashier
Cleaned card reader, hand held, printer, and scanner scale
Cleaned card reader and sco
new thin client ordered to site by helpdesk
cleaned and tested
Told reg3 also was running slow. Did doubme dump and reIDed. Came back up running smoother.
reseated power cables on bill acceptor and hand scanner, ran add and tested
need new web pos payment terminal  288 1076974 send to FedEx garden city next day.
AVALANCHE CHUTE STUCK FROM SPILL. CLEANED AND CKEARED SENSORS. RANN ADD, REBOOTED AND TESTED
help desk did and update this morning and unit did not come into full service, put in normal mode with no hardware faults and tested despencer good several times with no issues
help desk did and update this morning and unit did not come into full service, put in normal mode with no hardware faults and tested despencer good several times with no issues ,stated low currency so store put back in cards only as the cash exchanger for sit is down
help desk did and update this morning and unit did not come into full service, put in normal mode with no hardware faults and tested despencer good several times with no issues ,stated low currency so store put back in cards only as the cash exchanger for sit is down
Manager pharmacy complain issue with the printer,  inspect found tray 1 with paper stopped broken replace defective part tray and tested with manager test-ok
cleaned out logic fan on register 6 and vacuumed mother board.
not reading card, replaced debit  card terminal
hand held reader base was missing. used nof part. battery was dead but charging.
debit reader was stuck on remove card. reppaced debit reader. allowed Customer to test.
device did not power on and connect to network. called walmaet help desk to resolve port. rRan test transaction with customer.
Arrived on site and asked for a team lead to come open the bottom of SCO. After 15 minutes a manager came over and said that she doesn't have keys, but the person that does should be back soon. Waited a bit longer but no one came. Suspending call and will return on a later date.
replace screws on debit reader plate
cleared coin jam and rebooted tested good spoke to lori ann
Cleared jam in penny hopper. Confirmed operational with TL Sahreem.
cleaned contacts and reset reader to correct problem
Removed bad paper jam on sco28, tested afterward successfully
Checked in with CSM Joanne, she asked me to look at this terminal as it was running slow and right now it is stuck at loading applications window. I powered down terminal then killed power to it. I then reboot terminal and allowed customer to use, no issues found, working fine now
replaced pin pad and set up com port
Double dumped register 4.  Tested the register to make sure its performance haff improved.
sco up and running upon arrival performed a shutdown and reboot sco back up and in service with no faults
unit in cards only mode. lead Kristen unable to clear error. inspected BCR. unit showing no errors on device. entered pml and ran diags. BCR not communicating. shut down sco. rebooted unit. BCR loaded new firmware.  unit now communicating.  ran all diags all tests good no defects noted.  returned unit to service
unit in cards only mode. lead Kristen unable to clear error. inspected BCR. unit showing no errors on device. entered pml and ran diags. BCR not communicating. shut down sco. rebooted unit. BCR loaded new firmware.  unit now communicating.  ran all diags all tests good no defects noted.  returned unit to service
went to pml was getting error on main bnr took main off blew dust out of unit was and wipedown reseated error went away could not test because machine had no money could not test
CUSTOMER DISPLAY IN LAYAWAY AREA DOA. CABLED DISPLAY PROPERLY AND REBOOTED.
need a new web pos payment terminal  288 1076974 send to FedEx garden city next day .
lane 30 inspect found debit reader doesn't communicate with register,  replace defective part debit reader and tested,  test-ok
calibrated touch screen and tested good
replaced and configured HHS
debit reader showing maintenance needed. replaced and rebooted
debit reader on needs maintenance. replaced and rebooted
pos out of sync error, stopped Scot app and restarted, confirmed operational with mgr Ronnie
Reg 4 hhs not scanning reseat battery and cable from base,  all tests passed.
reseated hand scanner battery connection and tested reg 8
help desk is sending out a new printer for receiving.  the current printer is not printing even the menu settings page is coming out blank and it's not on the network as well.
unit in card only mode, logged into pml, unit low on cash, mgt locked out of cash office safe, mgr Ronnie notified
reseated cables on reg 97 was stuck on u007 and reset and tested it in diagnostics
tkt for troubleshooting reg 72 ss, nff, unit operational, confirmed operational with mgr Ronnie
@@@ HHS being held together with tie wraps...replaced with new hhs... tested ok...did proof of fix for TL irene@@@
a69: Sco 28 was sticking on startup screen so I worked with support to get it up.
need new web pos payment terminal  2881076974 send to FedEx garden city next day.
Complete Task
adjusted cashbox door, tested, and spoke2 team lead
removed coin jam tested good put back in normal operations
recalibrated touch screen and tested good
Complete Task
Complete Task
Debit reader was recently replaced and has not read discount cards since. Replaced debit reader and tested.
Cleaned and tested
cleared jam cleaned reset and test
Complete Task
reset scale and lane tested fine.
reseat brds and cables reset test network prob
rplc part reset test
replaced and tested card reader
hard drive is gone. cannot see even number lanes. ordering replacement hard drive
replaced with Richmond harddrive awaiting to see if it loaded correctly. will reach out to stab soon
Complete Task
ce dropped off parts gave to coach Jesse who put them in the UPC office/server room
made sure latest firmware was installed during reboot. scanner scale will scan and weigh just fine
fixed hand scanner
ordering cardreader
store plugged thin client into wrong port
reseat cables reseat cables on sensormaric and tested
reseated cabling and tested
Complete Task
fixed hand scanner
Reseated cables to scanner/scale on Register 4 and confirmed with Front End Lead Ashley that all is operational.
found iPad won't power up per Nemo  new iPad is being shipped
Watched multiple transactions occur with no issues. Lane was in use upon arrival. Confirmed operational with TL Glorima.
help desk did and update this morning and unit did not come into full service, put in normal mode with no hardware faults and tested despencer good several times with no issues
cleaned sensors on spine that said jammed and tested good several times with no issues
need money loaded unit is below minimum on cash,hardware is good
cleaned sensors on spine that said jammed and tested good several times with no issues
no fault found ,all hardware was healthy, low on cash
cleared jam in bnr and cleaned all sensors and tested good several times with no issues
reseat USB display cable,  rebooted register service restore
Front End Team Lead said Reg 3 hasn't booted up since the storm. I checked the Ethernet connection and it showed activity. I rebooted the lane and tested when it finished booting up. It worked well without issue. Lane available for use.
order debit
replace debit reader
Complete Task
cleaned and sanitized to prevent spread of illness
cleaned and sanitized to prevent spread of illness
Checked in with CSM Joanne. I shutdown terminal and then killed power to the system. I then reboot terminal, it boot up normally and tri-light is fully green as it should be, issue resolved
cleaned and sanitized to prevent spread of illness
cleaned and sanitized to prevent spread of illness
reseated connenctions and rebooted lane
cleared coins and checked the bill acceptor. Loaded coins found and loaded bills. if took the bills, but if if comes in again we need to replace note acceptor.
Found power had come unplugged from sensomatic brick, SS out of error. Closed with csm
cleared jam behind singulator belt
Spare HH Scanners is missing battery compartment. Replacement will be exchanged  on 26 April.
Sswapped out Zebra Scanner.
cleaned debit readers.
cleaned debit readers in sporting goods and electronics.
cleaned debit readers in garden center.
printer wasn't endorsing checks replace printer
verified issue. worked with help desk. reseated cables and rebooted terminal. scanner now working.
Complete Task
sco 21 completed recalibration
Complete Task
this is a duplicate call for the same issue, the issue has been resolved. Laura confirmed the resolution.
was locking up.  reset and tested live ok
Reran isc250 cable back into cabinet and secured. Closed with csm
Complete Task
sco 22 recalibrate completed
need to order Bill acceptor
SCO 47 wouldn't accept  cash.  Cleaned note acceptor and cleared errors.
lane 45 note acceptor error. clean cash cassesst and head unit. tested work fine
reset scale and register. tested live ok
Complete Task
clean laser
Cleaned and tested
adjust pin pad connection and reload
replace coin slot
sco. 35 cleared coin jam reset tested good
Complete Task
replaced cardreader
replaced debit reader on reg96, booted and tested.  however debit reader was obf, it will not read chip cards.  tried with multiple cards.  got another debit reader, connected, booted and tested fine.
sco 38 cleared jam at singulator tested restored to service
ordered recycler for gsr50
replaced gsr50 note recycler
Troubleshoot.   Turns out Alert Irruption is not the issue.  Debit is just hanging on Support.  Fix.   Register also needs to be Double Dumped.   Test and verify.   Update and check out with TL M.J.
ce order disk drive to fedex on comac dr ronkonkoma and lane 43 is where drive is to be installed
level 2 loaded QPR software
replaced debit reader, had trouble removing security screw.  once replaced, booted, and tested fine
When I got to register,  the register was in service and was actually used by associate. no faults or errors showing. I logged into training mode to test functions and did a transaction in training mode to make sure debit reader was working and made sure register wasn't going slow. I found no issue with the register and it remains up and in service.
Double dumped reg 91
Complete Task
swipe unit cleaned and tested good
reseat cable connection testing good manager  jose
Complete Task
replace touch screen and calibrate test good manager Kathy
sco 23 recalibration completed
Complete Task
Checked in with CSM James. Reseated cable and power cycled scale, no go. Tried scale at good connection, it connects. Called WMHD and spoke with tech Igor. We toned out line to switch, port is live. Line shows 2 pins shorted. I tested cable at switch, it is good. the cable connected to scale goes up into ceiling, unable to check. Igor created work order for cabling team. I let CSM James know they should be on-site in  24 - 48 hours
Lane 96 not 97. Debit reader is not scanning. Placing order for replacement debit reader
Reg./SCO 97 debit reader mount had the screws in the wrong way causing the debit reader to fall off. Fixed the screws and remounted the debit reader. No debit reader was needed for this call. Spoke with MSL Maria.
Complete Task
test hhs, still has software issue, escalating to stab
Complete Task
replace bad cable. test
clone
suspending call  helpdesk requested the call be suspended for them to order ivr
Card reader chip slot not working.  Replaced card reader.  Tested
Complete Task
replaced and installed new pinpad on reg6 tested with Front end team lead Lina
Reseated cables for printer while powered off, issue was resolved after powering on. This printer is not connected to internet and is connected to tablets which are not supported according to help desk.
replaced and installed pinpad on reg 70. tested with Lina Front end team lead successfully
inspect, replace defective part and test - ok.Jailene
Found network cable disconnected. Reseated cable and worked with tech support to clear port.
installed new cable on printer
replaced damaged scale bezel,recalibrate scale,test good
Complete Task
sco 24 recalibration completed
Site has a none supported monitor  that they wanted NCR install. Informed site
INSTALLED NEW MOUNT AND LOCKING SCREWS FOR PIN PAD. PIN PAD FALLING OFF MOUNT
Found bill jammed. Took apart and cleaned out main module.
close call as duplicate see ticket number ******************8110606978********************** notes person who call in ticket  dont work at the location any more we need more details information in ticket for us to find the printer in question  and details info of person call in ticket so we can track them down and help them resolve any issues they have with the printer in question.
Complete Task
cleaned dirt
Complete Task
Reg./SCO 96 replaced the debit reader due to it not reading chips or swipes. This was Reg/SCO 96 not 95. Tested works well. Spoke with MSL Maria.
Scales were not set , store unable to locate, management in meetings. Tl Bianca unaware. contact information in call incorrect,  phone # give to ce by Myrabell would not answered.
Complete Task
replaced and tested
Reg 12 replaced debit reader
monitor and register were frozen. power cycled register. no further issues.
reg 9 debit reader failing reinitialize tested monitored customer usage
ordering part #8770320786 tray unit
reseat cable connection testing good  jose
site check
remplace damage bade, check photo.
Register 37 had a worm dollar stuck in the spine and cash stuck in BNA.  Removed all the cash and rebooted system.
Complete Task
replaced gun and cable and tested good
network cable unplugged. plugged in and waited until fully loaded
Ordered wrong monitor . I gave the team lead right part number and order from GNFR .
Complete Task
register 12 customer display not working. replaced customer display
part being ordered by critical
replaced his for pharmacy
register 8 offline. turn off. turn back on boot up. no error.
clean cash dispenser exit sensor at lane 45.
O56- sco touch screen image was vibrating on arrival. I ran add and shit down sco. I reseated cables and rebooted. once in service display was normal. sco was fully operational before leaving site. csm miranda
replaced printer but image kit needs replacing
Troubleshot to bad ATEB  unit,  L2 sending new unit to customer.  L2 said to suspend call.
lane 45 exit bowl full error message. check. sensor loose. reseat sensor
sco 25 recalibration completed
Arrived on site to diagnose the GSR50 issue. once onsite and inspection of the GSR50 i found a torn piece of paper blocking one of the sensors. i removed the paper and ran diagnostics. once they were complete all errors have now cleared.
no fault found
replaced debit reader and it tested good
Bill's Stockton Main module BNR. run ADD and test OK
Complete Task
cleaned and tested
Spoke with pharmacist who informed me that printer is smoking. she also said that it sparked one time also. called helpdesk and they ordered new unit. allowed me to close call
Complete Task
Booted SCO. Spoke with helpdesk and had them verify SCO. Helpdesk  advised to replace 7702 motherboard. Ordering replacement part advised 4970519551
Twin dollar bill bundled up in transport. Cleared and tested. Units fully operational
replaced debit reader due to randomly not reading cards. booted unit, configured and contacted stab team for remote port config. system rebooted without errors. back in service
replaced the printer cable on reg 67. rebooted logic and brought back into service.  ran tests in training mode and was successful.
n in sensor blocked by coupon on sc 23 cleared  ops good csm shandele
blew out note acceptor. found coupon in it also. tested live ok
lane 73 scanner scale down and has no lights, reseated all cabling, calibrated and tested, tested good. checked out with Mark, lead
cleared bill jammed in cassette. tested okay
cleared coin jam from sco31 at singulater belt resolving issue
watch while register being used with customers paying with the card reader no fault found
Complete Task
cleared debris from scanner scale
register 1 monitor frozen rebooted register cursor still not moving reseated cable connection and rebooted register unit tests good
Was told that Reg 3's HHS didn't have a beam even before the storm. Found the USB power connection not seated well. Reconnected cable and tested in training mode. It scanned multiple times without issue. The battery symbol on the HHS is green, but the base is blinking amber, meaning it's charging. This is not surprising since the cable was not making a full connection, but lane can be used as the HHS should be nearly full now.
Cleaned pin pad on reg 2.
Complete Task
Cleaned and rebooted Reg 1,3,4 and 6's pin pads.
CSM, Kaden advised R31 HHS doesn't work.  cloned SR to order HHS
Reg 93 not endorsing checks rebooted lane and tested working normal
cleaned and tested recycler. reset system
sco 26 completed recalibration
complained of no beam. reseated cable and tested multiple times fine
Complete Task
replaced keypad and tested fine.
replaced printer and tested fine.
pm comp
Known issue with employees' discount not accepted, or card not reading. Walmart is working on issue for all stores.
Installed replacement HHS. Cycled power and allowed to charge. Tested fully.
Replaced Zebra scanner base.
Complete Task
Register 33 belt was not working.   The power was turned off.   Turned on power and rebooted SCO.   Belt now operational.
reseat cable connection testing good manager  sonja
Complete Task
receipt printer damaged will need replacement
replaced receipt printer
install maintenance kit and test
Complete Task
143W48  Removed poor quality coin from dispenser hopper 2. tested and watched several successful transactions
replaced keyboard for not allowing keystrokes to be recognized
Complete Task
Complete Task
ce zerod display
Complete Task
need to replace the singulator motor on this unit
bcr.control board not intializing ordering replacement after checking local stock sco44
lane 44,replaced debit reader,tested ok
SCO 49 printer was printing a line on receipt. Cleaned the head print then printed some receipt to ensure everything functions properly. Problem solved. printing clear receipt now.
Ordered replacement flagpole assembly for reg 5 delivery to FedEx Bradenton next day
CSM, Kaden advised R31 HHS doesn't work.  cloned SR to order HHS
replaced HHS.  rebooted register to configure new HHS via CADD
Plane 37 per cashier Robert card reader not working. Replace card reader because it was showing card problem.
Reg 4 card reader falling off base and base flopping around. Tightened all screws and replaced a missing screw. Issue resolved
3 pennies were stuck together with sticky residue causing major jam and coin acceptor. Clear jam and tested 100% online in PML and verified by April team lead. Please see attached photo of proof and reason for charge call
ran add config rebooted tested good put back in normal operations
cleared jam and cleaned
replaced GSR50 main module,  unit tested and functions
cleaned and tested
lane 50,cleared bill jam in recycle cassette,tested ok
inspected and troubleshooting,  damage cable scanner gun, photo attached. unit back to normal operations.  snfi Msta na
Complete Task
Hhs is broken, part ordered.
replaced debit reader. unit tested good
fixed coin jam in rotor. cleaned unit including hopper sensors. unit has no other issues. in working order.
cleared sticky nickel stuck in coin acceptor
cleaned debit reader and reattached to bracket.
could not find end.user kit.
replace shredded hand scanner cable
cleaned payment terminal
Reg 13  printer displaying error. Reloaded roll of paper. Error cleared.
Reg 18 printer displaying error. Reloaded roll of paper. Error cleared.
Found lines on receipts. Found print head dirty. Cleaned and successful.
Reg 22  printer displaying error. Reloaded roll of paper. Error cleared.
Reg 22 was running very, very slow. Powercycled. Ran general tests on lane. Components and overall lane test good.
replaced debit n hard-drive
Replaced IO board. Rebooted. Unit and lane test good.
replaced magnet
Re-Seated battery for HHS lane 2. Tested unit and passed, POS back in operation.
whole pc replacement old pc left in claims for return
cleaned sco
work with level 2 on hhs software issue
Troubleshooted scanner/scale error. Power cycle scanner/scale and cleared error. Observed transactions. Tested ok.
"thib client end unit swap out sending to claims the dell powerterm wise 4768377with serial number 8c4gxn2. replscing with hp thin client t430 with serial number 8cg10802py. checked in and out with manager Heather.
unable to get associates to sign on level 2 instructed me to have store call into the wire level 1 to assit them with issue."
clear Jam coupon from note acceptor
register 94 cashier touch screen not working. touch being controlled by customer screen. reboot with customer screen disconnected. reconnected after reboot and tested operational
register 70 slow to sign into. reboot debit reader and tested operational
repaired printer knife
cable not seated for power, re connected, rebooted and tested good
upon arrival sco was rebooting repeatedly. worked with walmart hd and found sco was not calibrated properly on the network. Network team fixed and sco rebooted. sco is in working condition.
reseated cables ran add. rebooted and tested good
cleaned debit reader slots, rebooted and tested good
replaced payment terminal tested good but can't account for the part due to logistics problems
cleaned coin acceptor, ran diags and tested good
BNR jam, cleared jam reset system, working properly
repaired coin assy n tested all devices ok..ln50
replaced debit reader
Troubleshot. Double dumped. Renamed. Rebooted. Tested. All tests passed. Followed up with Coach Kim
lane 2 not scanning items.  I reseated the cable connections, tested and verified working properly
clear Coin Jam on escalator belt and then reset BCR tested and test was successful
cleaned and tested pinpad
Chip reader slot gave out errors even after cleaning and restart. No debris found in slot either. Replaced and tested successfully
A63 running call as it needs lock handle and is in his ppk
BROKEN lock
walked store checking POS systems and spoke with Megan no problems found
completed on-site training of ssco installation
Parts processing
site completed
site is complete
upon arrival unit powered on with no error showing. Toner and imaging unit at 100%.  cleaned with blower, inspected fuser. Contacted Walmart helpline, advised to swap imaging unit and fuser from known working printer. Swapped imaging unit and toner, test printed without issues. Advised Mgr to order replacement imaging unit.
per helpdesk issue is with software and a ticket is currently with sw team
Tested debit reader for POS 96 and verified operation.
reset SCO 35, rerun ADD, no issues other issues foumd
cleaned debit
"I cleaned ,lane 39 , tested ,damaged cash box needs replacement. 
153z15"
I replaced damaged cash box for lane 39 , tested ok. 153z15
No coms going to lane,  more troubleshooting needed
Lane was off the network,  had port turned on
Register is powered off due to shorted out printer cable. Submitted request to create ticket with POS team.
removed debris troubleshooted  cleaned it and tested. verified by t.l. Nadine
need hhs holder
need hhs holder
cleaned sco
replaced key pad, MSR and tested
reg 14 reinitialized debit reader tested
Register 5 has a A006 printer is failings error message.  Swapped with register 6, Printer with cable and monitor, register failled again with A006.  Swapped with register 5 printer with cable and monitor.  Register 6 failed with A006. Ordering replacement I/O, printer and cable to correct Register 5.
on site and cleaned printer. tested ok.
Completed the PM clean and inspection of SCO 38. SCO tested good with Customer transactions.
walked store checking POS systems and spoke with Leny no problems found
ordering part
key lock was on upside-down not allowing associates to lock with to lock.  flipped and rebuilt lock.  tested without issues
cleaned sco
Complete Task
Trained store personnel on new login procedure.
receded all cables tested ok
receded all cables tested ok
Notes except are showing 2 red lights at top indicating unit jammed or offline. Cleaned and reset now units functioning
TS REG 90, keeps asking for CSM and supervisor override, 2x pre dumps, hard reboot, level L 2 support advised me to notify associates that its a SOFTWARE issue and to resubmit ticket as software issue
need to order a cash exception
I had changed the cash accepting it was bad so what you doing now and everything's working fine
scale notattaced.reboot term
replaced hand scanner
damaged network cable needed to be replaced. replaced and tested several times
replaced hand scanner
rptr usb not seated
power cycled scanner/scale for lane and reset application. verified via test login with scan tag
checked card reader and tested tranactions  placed in service
sco in cards only,  found sco very dirty,  cleaned and tested
Called help desk, powered off ATEB and reseated all connections. Powered ATEB on and tested by calling lines 401-408 and using the touch tone menu. Help desk verified repair with WM ATEB team.
changed out cash box
calibration ofscaledone
kiosk 36 printer was physically broken. the green plastic peice that the paper feeds through was broken, I replaced the printer to fix the issue
reset hand held reader and tested
replaced whole Lexmark. contacted level 2 and performed test prints.
assisted CE with repair
calibrate scale
clear paper jam. clean all rollers. clean all components. reload new paper. reinstall toner. test good
ordering part
all parts arrived
upon arrival unit powered on, not fully booting. checked cabling, no link or activity light on Ethernet port. Bypassed patch cable, have link and activity light. routed replacement through back cable drop, booted lane without issues. tested by scanning items using handset and scanner.
replace debates
Clean coin on module for BCR  was at error on count
clear Jam coin coin entry shoot
constant cashbox missing error and erroneous cashbox jam error. ordering cashbox frame 4970522699
Replaced Bottom BNR Module. Bin for deposit cassette  and reboot unit with ADD
double reboot to clear slow terminal
cleaned stuck paper in msr slot from host trying to clean it
paper fed crooked. refers stock. receipt prints ok now. SCO 56
replaced hhs cable
ordering gsr50 note recycler pn: 4970522698 to beechmont FedEx
no fault found. dispensed and accepted multiple bills multiple times with no issues found
The SCO47 was up and working fine at arrival. Tested bill acceptor with different bills succesfully. No error found and put the SCO back in service.
double dumped the register 6. it was freezing on the login screen. all tests completed without any problem
replaced printer
Verified operation
called WM helpdesk show duplex missing helpdesk tried resetting the settings and rebooted printer i cleaned multi purpose feeder unit tests good
Verified operation
box open. shipped to store Ateb  IVR bit roughed up but replaced it and it worked
Cash drawer was having trouble opening up, would get stuck
"suspending call to order parts 

8770320772
8770320786"
suspending call to order board 8770320765 as per helpdesk
cleand, secured and tested
Checked the tmc01 time clock and found out its off-line. Spoke with People's Lead Debbie and learned that last night there were work done inside UPC Server room that replaced several switches which  makes the time clock offline. Need cabling guy for this task
Reset scanner
replaced pin pad tested good
hand held replaced tested working properly on lane 4
cleaned contacts and reset reader to correct problem
cleaned contacts and reset reader to correct problem
replqced printer for faded print
Replaced cash drawer for POS 84 and verified operation.
reset the register
Store does not exist.
Reg 61,reattach debit reader to stand
Lane was powered off upon CE arrival. Powered up lane, which came up with a printer error, paper not loaded. Loaded paper into printer and verified working.
swap pin pad bad chip reader.
trouble shokran meaning unit and no jams found  clean the wheels to the trays and ran chest with no Faults found customer are induced
cleared jam from note acceptor, rebooted self checkout, tested good
Register 3 printer ribbon not installed correctly.  Reinstall ribbon correctly and test
cleaned payment terminal and verified working condition with CSM
replaced monitor abd tested fine
Replaced monitor in tle. Tested good.
checked cables. found a jam that was causing issues. cleared jam and tested
paper jam in door c
Tested and cleaned register. Recalibrated scale and verified all devices have no issues at this time.
on site and cleaned card reader. tested ok.
swapped hhs and tested new one. old one wouldn't keep a charge
on site and reseated hand scanner cable and battery. tested ok.
replaced debit reader. tests good
tightened bracket on debit reader
replaced wyse term and confirmed online via HD
register 1 debit reader having trouble reading cards. cleaned and reboot debit reader. tested, passed.
rebooted comms I had to restart unit unit is now in service
reset scale connections. double dumped register. tested and working
irruption error
Reseat customer weight display cable and test functionality
double dumped register. tested and working
replaced io board due to printer port failing
cleaned office printer
scale not communicating with logic..reseat cables..reboot all..back up test ok
travel home
lane 73 hhs not scanning items.  I moved the hhs to another lane and verified that it worked after linking to that lane. I then moved the hhs back to lane 73 and tested after it linked to the lane,  verified working properly
No problem found the iPad. The iPad was running the latest app.
reseated power cable.  tested good.
Adjusted spring load tension on cash drawer solenoid once adjusted unit tested fine no other issues present.
cleaned entire printer on 6 to prevent any issues with operation and tested
reset unit.
reset handscanner as bean was on however would bot scan items. scanned defaults barcode and repaired with base and rebooted unit. unit back in service.
New printer, it is installed to workstation but not defaulted.  Set it as default &amp; tested.  Terrance, store mgr
Replaced missing screws and verified working.
poe ethernet cables were input backwards  after repeating the ethernet cabkes back into the proper data and power ports respectively in that order the. time clock booted up then CE had employee Marie login and swipe to clock in and out
register 8 keypad was damaged, the support pins snapped off... replaced damaged keypad... tested okay with mod dian
Lanes 4 thru 13 fully built &amp; placed
lane 44 was turned off but the door just wasnt closed.. no other issues reported by CSM. Brandon
repaired the sig cap and reset the gr50
Brenda cleared issue before I arrived onsite
replaced t420 with t4230 and unit is obf. reordered part via hd
Troubleshoot and remove note jam
cable connection to terminal was restored. unit is back and running.
performed double dump
The ivr was not answering extension 401-407 properly after a thunderstorm knocked out power on Friday 4-23-2021. 401-407 extensions would go straight to a fax tone. Replaced ivr with new ivr ordered and shipped by ateb. Engaged level 2 and ateb support and verified extensions 401-408 were working properly. Fax extension 420 was working properly and extension 425 just rang. Ateb put in a task ticket for extension 425 and release me to close my service request.
talked with manager then repaired receipt printer and pmed
cleaned card reader on lane 1
reset unit
cleaned card reader on lane 2
cleaned card reader on lane 3
reset power. unit tested good
replaced pin pad and tested. unit is fully operational
cleaned card reader on lane 4
cleaned card reader on lane 10
cleaned card reader on lane 5
Complete Task
Performed a double dump and reassigned register unit tested fine with no lag
cleaned card reader on lane 7
cleaned card reader on lane 8
cleaned card reader on lane 8
Complete Task
network cable to reg 85 is cut in multiple places and deepest in an unreachable corner under the fridge next to terminal. L2 moved call to cabling.
cleaned card reader on lane 9
clean and test spoke2 Elizabeth lead
Complete Task
Troubleshooting pharmacy pc
replaced the debit card reader and tested unit with no further issues after rebooting the register
Complete Task
pinpad replaced and tested good
printer stating paper jam, no jam found. took entire unit apart and back together.  no paper jam nor pieces anywhere. tech support ordering new printer fir grocery receiving
Replaced Trilight
replaced pin pad
TL said keypad keeps falling off.  keypad wouldn't come off for me. Noticed glue between monitor and keypad,  someone glued keypad to the monitor.  Register is working but if one of those parts need to be replaced,  we have to replace both because they will not come apart
same site arrival. had checked in with CS Hillary. checked unit,  has network activity leds on unit. no other ethernet jack to plug into. called WM HelpDesk,  spoke with Mike. Tech is ordering a replacement for this end-of-life unit. per  instructions,  closing ticket.  checked out with CS Hillary.
reconfigured register and tested
clone
power cycled debit reader and rebooted terminal
wall Electrical issue in pharmacy. Manager aware of the issue. store scheduled for Electrical vendors.  verify by Manager Rose.
Completed the PM clean and inspection of SCO 36. SCO tested good with Customer transactions.
replaced debit reader and tested working now
Complete Task
Complete Task
u76 to order replacement recycler
Note acceptor fault. Cleared jam from acceptor. Cleaned sensors and tested
on arrival found reciept printer exit was broken. replaced printer as it is an FRU. tested new unit it is working good, and  ran CADD to make sure firmware was up to date.
card reader fail Reg3 remove old card reader install new card reader, setup and reboot,  test good
Complete Task
Olivia will order new iPad
143W48  Cleared piece of fruit from coin hopper infeed. tested and watched several successful transactions
new cardreader sco 36
replaced cable tested good
entry exit chute was not seated properly fixed tested good
replaced i pad and got cleared from help desk to resolve call. unite tested good per manny
Reg 79 turning pink VGA cable was loose, rescrew and tested. Work better the console port for VGA touch screen is wiggling a little bit. Share information with tech
when i got to the register i put it in training mode to test the scale. I noticed that nights were on and that the scale wouldn't weigh or scan anything so I powered down the core. i then blew out the back and reseated all cables and checked all cabling coming off the scale and made sure all connections were good. I then booted up the core and waited for it to come up to test. when it did i tested it with csm Carolyn and she verified it was infact working at this time. no further issues.
plugged bna in. tok.
cleaned and test the adf feeder for the vision center. test ok per kim the associate
pm dner
replaced keypad screw and tested fine.
Installed new printer and spoke with walmart helpdesk to configure. Printer is currently working on the network but Walmart field support level 2 will be making changes to the marketing pc that's attached to the printer locally so it can print.
Replaced Ingenico debit reader due to alert irruption error. Tested successfully. SCO is back in service.
clear Jam receipt printer
unit down on arrival. power it on. tested and is working. spoke with Laura about using power button after reboot.
rerouted
reseated the cable and rebooted the register. the hand held is scanning again.
found hand scanner not responding reseat cable reboot and test with Heather
SCO 51, card only mode, took out of that mode and a coin recycler error appeared. cleaned bcr and bnr, ran ADD to update firmware and tested. took out of card only mode and watched several customers use without issues for cash transactions.
replaced mantanince kit
cleaned sco 47. cleaned scanner scale and scale compartment.  wiped down display and cabintry
worked with L2 to troubleshoot. confirmed it was online but it wouldn't login. ticket moved to software team.
suspending for part not on hand. ordering recycler module priority.
no fault found tested  With 2 different cars in both the worktwo do
worked with L2 to troubleshoot. traced network connection a found cut patch cable between patch panel and switch. replaced defective cable. worked with L2 to reconfigure network. unit came back online
worked with L2 to troubleshoot. traced network connection a found cut patch cable between patch panel and switch. replaced defective cable. worked with L2 to reconfigure network. unit came back online
ts and unit is sold Tx0 Tc, spoke with Luka from L2 new unit being shipped to site.
worked with L2 to troubleshoot. traced network connection a found cut patch cable between patch panel and switch. replaced defective cable. worked with L2 to reconfigure network. unit came back online
clean debit reader and test  spoke2 Elizabeth lead
replaced bedit reader test good
unit was shredding Bill's according to store. checked and cleaned main module.  tested good afterwards.
clean debit reader and test  spoke2 Elizabeth lead
The Debit reader was not reading chip cards, clean the chip reader and tested with no issues
Complete Task
Complete Task
Replaced missing coupon magnet
replaced hhs cable
reseated debit reader to mounting bracket. verified via test transaction
O58 sco showing device error in bnr. unable to access bnr from pml. opened door and sco and found bnr unplugged. reconnected bnr and sco came back into service.
Complete Task
Complete Task
able to  replace epson printer on lane 67 tested working properly
cleaned and tested
SCO 50 hand gun not on charger laying on the counter, put it back on charger let it charge awhile and tested for beam and scanned item  to verify working.
installed a new payment device. the old one was missing so I don't have a part to return. I stated that without having a same part to send back they will be billed for the payment device. manager Veronica approved the billing process.
arrived and checked in with Pauline and she said that the printer has been working fine after they cleaned the print head.  tested good.
Complete Task
Checked BCR, good.  Reset BNR &amp; tested.
reseated cables and unit testing good
Bill stuck in transport of bnr. Removed then did test with each type of bill. All bills able to dispense and be accepted. Closing ticket
no link lights upon arrival. reseated the cable but no change. changed out the patch cable and placed in free port and got link lights. worked with L2 to configure port. printer came back online. successfully tested the printer. printer is back in operation
clear coin jam from SR5I manifold chute, clean unit and test both coin acceptor/dispense
Reseated all cables and rebooted terminal
The upfront team lead asked me to look at SCO 44s printer because the receipts were hard to read. I tested the printer with the green button on top to the right. When the paper came out it vividly had the testing smiley face on it. If I were a customer using this SCO these receipts would be sufficient and good quality for returns. Verified and returned to service.
No issue since it was cleaned, TL Jessica confirm no jam paper so far.
SCO 32 preventative maintenance cleaned entire SCO including bagging area
register 48v scanner scale LED bar is acting really weird but the scale itself is operational the LED bar needs to be replaced
multiple components on the USB boss not being attacked by the machine continent help desk to reload firmware and rebooted machine after which Cash System back online
removed paper wrapped around feed roller ops check
on site and cleaned printer. also verified ink cartridges ok.
power cycled terminal. issue resolved after reboot. verified via customer transaction
Cleaned pin pad on reg 1
Recycler 6 too full causing denial of entry and error. Removed 2 notes of 5's and 20's. Tested and it worked just fine. Gave CSM Lisa the advanced report to pull money.
scanner not working intermittently, cleaned up
Tested touch screen for POS 96 and verified operation.
On arrival, customer states that scale 12 is not printing remotely. reset scale and reseated cables, tested ok
reset debit reader rebooted and tested with my card.
nose roller on belt is broken in half. csm phil said customer dropped case of water on it. ordering new roller to fedex.
Adjusted base media tray grid guide assembly and tested fine Tray now closes fully with no issues present.
suspending for part not on hand. ordering recycler module priority.
after troubleshooting and deep cleaning, recycler ops normal. test in pml and return to service
PERFORMED A DOUBLE DUMP AND RE ID ON REGISTER. TESTED LOGINS WITH MOD AND ALL WORKING AS EXPECTED.
Complete Task
Calibrated sco touch screen
Rebooted with run add and tested
cash box frame assy
cleared bill jam and tested good spoke to Ashley
Cleaned DR
Scale had a bunch of dried produce under top plate - cleaned out = scale no zeroes to 0, and fully operational.
replaced ISC250 on register 11
Checked sco. Cleaned, rebooted and found no errors during the start up process
scale is not booting at all, hoary splash screen and stays there. hobart ticket created as scale haslink lights
scale not booting up at all, escalated to hobart for service
HD Advised to move port from 10 to 30 on GM1 switch.  Link lights established.  HD Reconfigured port for tracer,  Connection restored.  Vision center reverted to original tracer, Which also tested good.
Reg 80 touch screen changing colors, adjust VGA cables and tested.  All tests passed RX manager Ramin
clean battery contacts on reg 5 hand scanner, wait for charge and tested ok in training mode
replace a coin Hopper due to air of exit sensor Jam when there is no Jam present. Testa good and verified Troy Team Lead
Found lane 46 corrupted software. engaged level 2 for the updated pre loaded hdd pn. will order pn 8770305405 nfo to Wheeling Shed.
SW corrupt. Replaced drive and loaded software. HD patching.
thin client replaced, different model needed for new server. help desk ordered
I did cleaned the contacts ,reseated the base charger cable then rebooted the register. After all processes I checked the scanner on training mode to ensure everything functions properly. It is charging and working well.
there's an inventory process going on in the same office hence the rescheduled of the work till tomorrow by Manager Jules.
Remove stock paper, check and test working correctly.
sco 56, secured fascia
cleaned entire printer in manager office and tested unit
Printer is end of life. HD ordered new one to site.
Replaced patch cable, moved known working printer to location, toned out cable run, switch port at switch, scales still not ping able.  Help desk calling in cabling vendor.
seated all cables brought back in service
cleared jam, working properly
Complete Task
cleaned debit reader on lane 2
replaced DR and tested ops great CSM Jennata
reload cardreader parameters
cleaned debit reader on lane 3
CSM Norma, Reg 92, The printer was not printing clear receipts.  I cleaned the print head and it worked fine.
Sco30 was not in use, reportedly rebooting during transaction. Shut down, reseated all connections, rebooted. Booted up with note recycler error. Shut down, reseated these connections and cleaned, rebooted. Called bvhd to investigate shutting down. They copied add sequences from another lane and rebooted. Top module shows no errors but replacement recommended. 4970524693 Told Mathew sch they need to submit task for us to order part
Complete Task
reseated cable and tested MEI BNR OPS great CSM Jennata
On arrival, the S/S was pushed back into the S/S well. I reseated the S/S and tested successfully.
Another working register was connected in the pharmacy dept in place of reg 2. Issue persists. Level 2 support has referred this incident to field support
checked all debit readers, all working properly.
time clock tested good with Kathryn.  ensured proper schedule display and if recognition
checked all scanners and scales, all working properly.
Troubleshoot membership service register 36 handheld scanner issues. Store had moved handheld scanner to different apartment in swapped still having issues. Swapped hands scanners back then clean contact points unplugged and replugged cable in at base and at terminal and reboot terminal. When terminal came backup ran 18 action code. then test scan 19 itens test good manager Tatiana
removed jam with lead ramona
replaced maintenance kit. cleared counters, tested good demo print and network print
cleared jammed piece of paper from epson printer reg. 5
Spoke with lead Tina. Lane freezing up and running slow at payment screens. Also bag scale is on. Contacted support and they disabled bag scale. Replaced debit reader and witnessed several transactions ok. No other issues.
removed jam with lead ramona
ce cleaned bnr. verified function in pml and returned to service.
Verified operation
arrived printer was giving a paper low and imaging unit was out, the imaging unit needs changed asked pharmacy they did not have one, told them to contact field services to get an imaging unit, checked and rebooted the printer, called HD, she checked the paper tray low, had me switch the drawers printed both ways with no issues. told site and advised they order the imaging unit
ce cleaned debit reader
I first cleaned cutting blade and  tried to adjust, but no success.  Eventually I needed to replace receipt printer on SCO 16, tested new one and worked fine.  Walmart contact, Jovita, mgr
Verified operation
reset cabeling and rebooted running add resolving dispenser issue
old card reader was not accepting cards, swapped it out and tested with Cosmetics associate Mona. thanks all!
ce cleaned debit reader
cleared coin jam in coin chute resolving issue
replaced debit reader and tested
TESTED DEBIT READER. UNABLE TO DUPLICATE ERRORS
-Replaced payment terminal -Rebooted -Tested, can read chips and stripe correctly
ce cleaned debit reader
card reader fallen Reg2 card reader not mounted missing screws, add missing screws, remount card reader secure, test good
I checked in with team leader (Caitlyn) when I arrived on site. Caitlyn tells me that SCO 50s printer isn't dispensing receipts. I found paper rolled up  on roller and removed the paper roll. Using a canless air system I cleaned the printer and wiped the roller with an alcohol wipe. I loaded the receipt paper back in printer and tested the printer and passed.
Tested printer for POS 96 and verified operation.
faded print, swapped unit out, tested working...
Screen does not power up.  swapped with bay 2 to test power and then screen.  ordered screen
ordering hhs on other open ticket
T he cash box for the 7350 was broken needs replacing part number 4970507902
wrong part ordered...please order 4970514333  cash box correct part number
replaced and load debit reader
Supervisor Dania wanted me to check register because debit reader was not working when customers were trying to pay with chip card. Debit reader was lagging and transactions would get stuck on processing. Adjusted and reset cable to debit reader and logic box. Debit reader was not communicating with register. Cleaned MSR and ICC slots. Did an 18 action code to refresh configuration.Double dump register to reconfigure firmware on all peripherals. Rebooted ok. Had supervisor verify. Test passed on all peripherals
ce installed thinclient and verified function with csm brian
Reseated connections at logic and Double dumped lane.
bnr does not see spine. powered off and reseated cable and bnr sees spine then drops it after about 20 minutes.  ordering new spine to fedex.
Spine and main module error. Soine light is green. Replaced main module. No errors.
Sco 36 replaced printer printing fade,  blow dust from every device and tested. All tests passed TL LUDMILLA
had helpdesk fix issues with terminal services
this is for an ipad that is already ordered by the helpdesk. when it gets here and signed for they will automatically open a ticket for us.
reset cables
had helpdesk fix driver issue
replaced wyse terminal
upon arrival i looked at the bnr and found no issues all green lights. as pictured.
replaced debit reader 1st obf 2nd worked tested working
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Tom
replaced bottom io tested working
Provided preventative maintenance. Checked all peripherals; scanner, printer, scale(if), touch screen, payment reader to making sure that it is healthy and properly functioning. No other errors were found.   Approval was provided by Tom
cleaned debit reader
replaced cash drawer
ce cleaned debit reader
reg. 7 would not power up fully. noticed printer cable was not completely secured. reseated cable and confirmed printer had reciept paper. Powered cycled terminal. Terminal back in service.
Cleared small piece of paper stuck right after eagle acceptor. PML error cleared. Performed multiple tests and verified BCR is fully functional. Test transaction passed.
Cash drawer was not responding to transactions. Removed then reseated comm cable for drawer. Power cycled the reg and allowed to load. Was able to open drawer when tested.
requested by csm darryl to find out why and repair sco 32 card only.  bcr had coin jam in coin chute above coin recycler
when processing a check system request supervisor override, remove check press clear, but will not clear.   ordering new receipt printer.
sensor went bad,  printer not detect when check was removed causing error
had to order a part for  Personnel Office Lexmark MX711 -
reset bnr to clear
Ordered replacement flagpole assembly for reg 5 delivery to FedEx Bradenton next day
Pending part pickup at FedEx Bradenton next day
TL Tara asked if I can look at self check out 43, unit is not accepting coins, found a stack dimension the coin sorter,  cleaned the dispenser, tested the dispenser several times with no issues
Touch screen calibration off, reg84, rebooted and tested. Closed with csm
lane 74 card reader freezing.  I rebooted the pin pad, tested and verified working
receded all cables tested ok
cleaned debit reader
no SCO have broken or unusable DR at this time.
receded all cables tested ok
PM clean.
Force discharged touchscreen capacitors and verified working.
replaced the defective debit reader on sco15
Customer reports SCO freeze when performing balance audit functions. Found sco powered down. Restart sco. Returns to service without incident. Unable to reach WMHD software support to diag software. Advised customer to use sco and place service call if issue returns.
ce zerod out display
Replaced SSD &quot;C&quot; drive, loaded image for DD controller. Tested.  WMIT: Darko MGR: Jesus
reset the calibration on the operator screen and test.  te ssf t ok per. Janice the associate
lane 45. inspect, replace motherboard, cpu and hard drive, call help desk about new mac and later to patch.
replaced BNR main module and updated firmware, tested
pulled jammed penny from acceptor. tested good toya team lead.
sco 44 was reported with bills jamming in the spine... tested 3X in pml, the bnr tested fine
resolved the issue with rebooting. SCO was offline
no faults on the BNA. check health shows no errors. vault 4 is full. reset device.
Tested printer for POS 95 and verified operation.
Replaced pinpad and set host port settings to USS CDC. Contacted helpdesk to initialize PED. Rebooted SCO, tested ok.
adjusted pinpad mount
Cleaned around unit, pulled power cable and rebooted scanner scale. The scale came back up at zero.
@@@ replaced Maintenance kit in claims...worked with glenda and tested printer ok after parts were changed@@@
bnr not taking Bill's. reset cables and cleaned unit. rebooted terminal and came back into service
Replaced pinoad and set hostport to USB CDC. Contacted Helpdesk to initialized PED. Rebooted SCO and waited to boot up. Tested ok.
Ordering new cable for handheld scanner.
Replaced defective hand scanner cable that was torn. also while working on machine was told by associates that the machine was not taking chips on cards. replaced debit reader and resysnced. resetting self checkout and once up testing both the hand scanner and debit reader
repaired hand scanner
reset settings for scanner, test with mgr Zach
Removed partial dollar bill from validator transport with team lead
Issue may be the power source coming to the register, the wall mount gets bumped a lot. I rebooted the unit and it is currently up.
Cleaned all sco and front end anes pinpad swipe and chip reader VeriFone Mx915 card readers
funeral cartridge needs to be replaced. gave csm Lexmark support phone number as directed by ncr level 2
ts scale issue 8
lane 36 need s a web POS debit reader. cleaning did not help.  instructed team lead Audrey to put in a work order so that we can order one
ts network issue with main printer
Troubleshot. Cleared debris from avalanche sensors. Rebooted. Tested. All tests passed. Followed up with Coach Kim
cleaned card reader slots 3
ce arrived to find sco45 scale not weighing correctly. ce reset unit and reseated cables.  ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager tanya
Troubleshot. Double dumped. Renamed. Rebooted. Tested. All tests passed. Followed up with Coach Kim
Replaced debit reader. Successful credit card test transaction.
Inspected Thinclient and found not connecting to network, contacted Walmart tech support, after further troubleshooting found no tone reaching the switch, representative moved call to cableling and advised to close call
cleaned and tested hhs, hhs tested ok, verified by csm
Reseated power cable and rebooted lane. Lane ran cadd and scanner scale was weighing/scanning without further incident.
per CSM Kimberly,  help desk had her factory reset teller mate and still didnt work. upon arrival we did an audit.  it process audit fine. she said last time when trying to upload into cash management it wouldn't work only orange LEDs. this time it was green. cleaned contacts on cable and moved cables off the ground.
SCO 48, coins jammed in between escalator and singulator belts at exit chute. took off belt cover to access area where coins were jammed. cleared jam and tested. screwed belt covers back on and by entering coins with cash management upload. watched several customers use without issues.
Troubleshooted HHS not working. Rebooted SCO. Cleared error and tested. Observed transactions. Tested ok.
cleaned debit reader on sco 44
Tech reseated cables and ran ADD and rebooted lane.
cleaned debit reader on sco 45
cleaned debit reader on sco 46
ce cleaned debit reader on lane 1
removed bill jam tested good put back in normal operations
cleaned coin acceptor reject door sensor and made sure door was locked.  confirmed working properly and error free.  checked out with team lead Melonee
suspended per part eta pending, need switch replacement
Replaced paper feed and pock roller harvested from paper tray. Tests good. Confirmed with lvl-2 and got lvl-2 to set printer.
Note recycler jammed. removed jam and cleaned module thoroughly with pressurized air and cleaning wipes then tested. Passed all tests. checked SNFI and ran sco checklist. Brought sco back into service with no errors
us143w59 printer reporting bad yellow cartridge or missing cartridge. established wrong cartridge was ordered for printer and causing to malfunction. cartridge installed was for  cs510 and printer is cs521, advised to order proper cartridge
debit reader would not read chip cards
"I replaced damaged cable for hand held scanner at lane 46 .
497 0434414 is on order.
153z15"
I replaced hand scanner for lane 46 , tested ok. 153z15
pharmacy lexmark office had paper jam before arriving onsite. pharmacist Larry attempted to remove jam and had removed all back pieces. arrived onsite and put pieces back together and test ran paper with no success. tech support notified and advised that due to age of printer a new one needed ordered and replaced. printer ordered and will arrive within a week through FedEx. pharmacist larry notified. printer is running temporary
There was a jam in the coin rotor... Cleared jam and reset system ... Unit works as should
acceptor not latched properly
Replaced cable to HHS on SCO47 and confirmed with CSM Rock that all is operational
Cable was cut on vga cable from chord being bent to much. Replaced chord and now monitor is working.
Replaced card reader &amp; verified operation
reseated and locked twist lock power cord. double dumped and configured.
Due to frequent jamming before the spine at intermittent intervals replaced BNR. Booted lane with ADD and went into PML to test new BNR. New BNR is transporting notes properly.  put sco back into service and allowed for normal use.
143w50  located tc in back office , replaced tc bay in tle , called wmhd to configure port and setup the TC , tested with staff working good
the display was off. the TV was the wrong kind they are using. which cause the display off. custom is going look for another display. calked the helpdesk. and they could see the sceen was good on there end
cleaned bna rebooted system test despenced 3 1, 5 and 6 20 dollar bills and accepted back twice with no issues
Reseated all cables and rebooted terminal
replaced handheld scanner and tested
Completed the PM clean and inspection of SCO 51. SCO tested good with Customer transactions
Complete Task
Rebooted lane with ADD and BNR is dead. Offline and not communicating with any other modules below it. Ordering BNR as closest CE has ticket that may need BNR. PN 4970523042
Reset DS8178 hand scanner.
card reader didnt read my card, replaced card reader,  tested the card reader several times after reboot no issues
Complete Task
duplicate call to task 8111508793
reboot register 9 to clear system busy error
Arrived and confirmed the issue. The door handle could rotate 360. Ordering a replacement handle w/lock to fix SCO 43.
Checked with the team leadto verify problem reported. After problem was confirmed I began repair. Cleaned foreign debris around BNR then clean belts and rollers. When satisfied problem was fixed, I checked with theteam lead to verify no other problems existed on the register speaking to Missy. when theteam lead was satisfied with my repair Ichecked with them to see if any other problems existed at the site.
replaced scanner
reset unig pknpad tested ok.
Complete Task
the scanner scale on lane 45 was reading too much weight while the top plate was on. the cause of this issue is that the rubber cover on the scanner scale pushes down on the top plate when the top door is closed. removed the rubber cover. the scanner scale is now weighing properly. lane is operational. signed out in book and with team lead Liz.
Fixed the coin acceptor/dispenser on the SCO LN 47.
SCO #93 stuck at please wait screen.  Re start SCO.  Victor MOM. SCO is working
ce adjusted scanner scale guide
Resolved scanner issue
reg3 hand scanner no beam reseated battery unit tests good
Replaced defective debit reader and configured new one and fixed issue confirmed after testing.
TL Tara asked if can look at register 5, curser is not following the touch,  powered unit off, unplugged all cables,  plugged cables back in,  rebooted the lane once up I tested the display with no issues
clean, lane open in use
hhs software issue not resolved, escalating to stab
Swapped out training room PC. Worked with HD to complete setup. No discrepancies noted. Unit returned to service.
no fault found
Upon arrival thin client was offline found AC power not seated fully into device, reseated cable, assistant mgr mandy logged into device LVL2 confirmed device is back online
clean out excessive dirt dust and debris. test in pml and advise to audit and refill cash/coin. Low on 1 recycler and 1 coin bin. return to service
I reseted hand scanner cable at lane 34 , tested ok. 153z15
no link lights on sco. bounced port using toner. nic lights came on. fully powered down sco and then booted up. lane came online, nic lights on, went into service. watched several customers use successfully. issue resolved
I replaced the pinpad and verified working.
reseated scanner scale on mount screws and leveled
Trained store personnel on procedures to login.
bad pin pad has been replaced. New pin pad has been installed and configured. Sco was also rebooted. Raymond confirmed the resolution.
no problem when arrib iij ng on site.   csr just completed audit on sco and reloaded money.
reseated cash drawer cable, tested and it opened without issues
replaced debit reader not reading cards for the 2nd time in a few days.
reseated display cables to reset touchscreen
replaced and tested with Kim
replaced scanner
determined to be software issue per lvl2,  I Informed csm kayla
Employee had already replaced broken stand. Verified it was done correctly. Unit is operational.
reloaded firmware and cleaned paper path
cleaned debit reader
Cleaned debit reader with card cleaner both SCO &amp; Registers; Gave TA extra cards encase needed
Tell shot lane one on card reader due to continued complaints of IBT not working and freezing. Swapped card reader with lane 7 and versa and advised site to monitor
cleaned debit reader
143W58: Replaced PC that was shipped directly to the store, and dropped off the old one at Claims. Tested ok.
I performed a store visit pm and created tasks for existing issues
I checked in with team leader (Caitlyn) when I arrived on site. Caitlyn tells me that the HHS isn't scanning items on register 1. I reset the HHS and unplugged/replugged base. I tested the HHS in training mode and passed test. Everything is working properly at this time.
Replaced DR and tested to ensure working
replaced defective base for rg 5 hand scanner. waited to make sure scanner change m charged and communicated with base properly
referenced software team needs software
reset register after debit replacement to sync register with Debit.  tested okay verified by mom Ray
cleared coins jammed in the dispenser and acceptor as the last associate that loaded coins into machine just dumped into chute instead of allowing machine to cycle coins. spoke with team lead Tyler and Cindy about this as it seems to be in issue with some associates. I explained that they need to explain to the assocites to slow down and cycle each domination one at a time to allow the machine to function properly and not cause  an unessicary jam and call. unit back in service.
Replaced debit reader due to alert interruption
SCO 45 IN USE UPON ARRIVAL AND VERIFIED PED IS WORKING PROPERLY.
issue being turned over to hobart
Replaced defective debit reader on lane 03
repair cash drawer
TS, tested all corner and center displaying correct weight, no faults found.
the cardreader only read some cards. switch cardreader and tested it. everything is good
sco47 hand held scanner hold down nuts are missing. replaced nuts
printer has been installed and tested good
recalibrated touch screen and tested good
pharmacy isc250 reset
reset hhs on lane 16. unit not charging
Checked in/out with Roxanne. Staff alerted me to SCO33 not accepting WIC or having the option to pay with it. Contacted L2, and they applied an update. L2 says WIC will be accepted after lane reboots, but we are unable to test on demand and must assume it will work.
after cleaning sensors and rollers, placed lane back into service to accept cash payments
lane powered off, powered on
replaced defective recycler on sco43 unit is running no faults tested with manager
cleaned entire unit out and tested all peripherals
Bnr on sco48 was not taking bills. Reseated cable and tested unit multiple times doing partial payments successfully.
sco 35 was sitting on the cad screen as if frozen. I rebooted lane and it did come up into service. I tested with cash and coin, canceled payment and got cash and coins to return. lane in service
clear plastic tape got wound up and completely destroyed in recycler cassette. removed cash from existing cassette and gave to Team Lead Endia and Tina and replaced cassette with new one to fix the problem
arrived on site and checked in with team lead Harley. I was informed that sco 33 has been rebooting for 3 hours, and sco 38 was not weighing. inspected sco 50  and found a cable unplugged in the IO connector plugged in the connector and tested in sysapp all tests passed. witnessed 2x good cash transactions informed team lead Harley.
GR50  indicating a fault during the reboot - cashbox keylock left open - cleaned sensors - tested GR50 in PML ok - 7879 &amp; HHS scan ok - placed in service
will not connect the scanner to the register, I paired the device, I paired the device and went into pml and added device rebooted, no success, paired device added and rebooted on the register still did not work,called number and talked to HD they tried patch and rebooted still will not scan, ordering a new hand scanner
New install and wires were to tight, pulling out connections. Pull extra wire and reattached cable
@U19 No part at Pharmacy, please provide tracking info.
SCO43 Debit Reader was not reading cards. I replaced the debit reader.
Replaced BNA Note acceptor Main module test functionality and monitor several successful cash transactions lane 48
PM Completed on SCO7
Complete Task
dupe call..see 8111608192
replaced bad printer and cable
Replaced debit reader and tested transactions in training mode which passed.
installed new thin client mod sue
replaced debit reader ops check ok
Complete Task
reseated lock handle and fastened with lock tite to keep screw in
Ordered corded scan gun, next day.
replaced printer on unit. would not forward paper even if touching forward button
wrong vlan
Leveled scale on lane 7
Assisted A71 in troubleshooting SCO.
ordered part 2881076974, Debit Reader for SCO. Task suspended.
waiting on Debit Reader.
headunit
Replaced defective HHS cable. Ran ADD and rebooted lane. Tested and working.
replaced gl3 Pharmacy ms823 printer
Reconnected tower display
SCO was getting digital interface offline error.  Replaced main PCB board and unit is back online
Repaired mount and keypad
pm
replaced consignment pinpad
Complete Task
7879 Digital Board 4970503472
Swap scanner scale to sco 4 and test, Lead Michelle
replace cassette 5 on self checkout
reseated cables and rebooted using add. tested unit after reboot. unit is working properly
Complete Task
sco30 is jamming bills intermittently and not giving back proper change in bills. rebooted and ran ADD. will run pml and dispense and accept bills. all bills dispensed and were accepted. cleaned pin pad, eagle coin acceptor bnr and reciept printer.
sco 46 was jamming bills when i was next to it. rebooted and ran ADD cleaned pin pad, eagle coin acceptor,  bnr and reciept printer. ran pml dispense and accept. in pml it said the device.was healthyand there were no errors but would not dispense bills. called helpdesk to have them reload ADD and reboot. now dispensing all bills
sco 45 showing 38 nickels and 85 dimes but hoppers were empty zeroed the counts on both so the counts are accurate
sco 32 csm could not load coins in it, found a dime jammed in the reject flap keeping it open. it tested good after removal
Complete Task
Completed the PM clean and inspection of SCO 36. SCO tested good with Customer transactions.
replaced debit reader
scanner still not scanning more than 3 or 4 items before stopping after scanning default bar code and L2 clearing Cadd and running ADD. ordering a base unit.
reseated and verified spoke2 Michael
site states printer not endorsing  checks. cleaned micr reader. ran test check.
a69: replaced HHS cord
site states  that endorsing checks not working.. cleaned  capture mechanism. working now
a69: replaced HHS cable
replaced thin client in human resources office.  set up.
a69: scanner scale wZ popping up an error so I replaced the SSD but that did not fix the issue. I rebooted lane with HHS unplugged and that worked.
reconfigured
SCO closed, had someone open lane, scanner &amp; scale worked fine.
thin client wont boot to correct software and keyboard doesn't respond. display also loses image and becomes unresponsive to power button. swapped out thin client and display with replacements. level 2 setup the thin client on network successfully and testa good with csm debbie
cleared jam
Replaced the motor and chute
Scale showing offline. Reset scale and rebooted lane twice. Lane is now in service.
I did clean chip reader then rebooted the pinpad.After all checked the debit reader on training mode to ensure everything functions properly. It is operational.
complete
Purged coins in hopper, reset count to zero and then had CSM Gail readd coins.  once correct count was entered. register workingvwith no further issue. Verified by CSM  - Gail
reconfigured ports and reset reader
Register 93 printer slip light blinking and wont pull check.  Clear check feed path, reboot register and test
receipt printer working upon arrival just replaced that  printer  4/26 swapped new receipt printer from sco 44 moved to sco 45 to verify trouble stays with part or sco
cabling issue
connect lan cable yo dept manager workstation thin client and reboot it
install 26 wireless hand held scanners
Complete Task
unit offline on arrival. tried to double dump. unit 8n reboot loop. called hd. ts. moved to reg 2 to I'd. double dump completed. moved back to original location. tested and is working. called hd to verify controller settings. all good.
I ran tests in the printer on SCO.  The printer keep having the top of the printer was open when it was closed. I checked the senors and powered down the SCO but it still was giving the error. I will Suspend the task and order the replacement. I let Monica the team lead know what was going on.
reseated the cable for the band scanner base for the register 2. it wasn't charge before. all tests completed without any problem
cleaned device and tested successfully
SCO 45 Fujitsu dispenser continuing running, unplugged device for a minute and blow dust out every device and tested.  All tests passed
fedex part picked and redirect
helpdesk perform some action in the background to try and resolve issue per other tech. however issue was not fix hard drive will be needed. the freeze had before the system checks hard ware
disregard earlier note about hard drive. this unit is having issue with but the debit reader and the bnr. on the bnr the light on the front are slowly blinking green. I checked entire unit including recycler and still could not find the issue. completed a reboot with part add but didn't see the bnr on the device screen. which leads me to believe there is a com error. will order cable and bnr
Performed handheld scanner calibration and tested fine no other issues present.
sco6 error on inpute chute
Performed CADD script program and tested fine no other issues present
cleared logs error and verified spoke2 Michael
Card reader is not accepting WIC or employee discount cards.  Level 2 helpdesk said to have them put in a ticket to the software group. Also, the keypad is not working. Tried double dump amd still not working. Ordering new keypad 8770303692
asked to look at SCO due to cash box not coming out.  found the cash box to be in the locked position.  turned the yellow nob vertical.  was able to remove the cashbox
replaced t420 with t430 in tle bay 01. tested without errors,  placed unit back in service
worked with manager Matt marsh could not locate shipment of brackets contacted helpdesk Stephen was told to close task and he would notify project team
cleaned sco 43. cleaned scanner scale and scale compartment.  wiped down display and cabintry
Found scale not being zeroed out after transaction. Zero option did not work. Rebooted with ADD and watched several transactions with weights and successful.
cleaned sco 45. cleaned scanner scale and scale compartment.  wiped down display and cabintry
Replaced HDD due to freezing on selfcheck out program, replaced and is on domain.
tried to reset supervisor key on lane 1.
cleaned card reader slots on lane 6
SCO 33 preventative maintenance cleaned entire SCO including bagging area
Store.Visit
Defective card reader was replaced and system updated,  system was rebooted and new card reader is now working correctly.  Team lead Daphne has been notified.
cleaned debit reader
help desk ordered a new thin client. I was cleared to close the ticket.
replaced coin dispenser control board and had store load sco to verify it was now accepting coins
jam in debit reader slot cleared jam cleaned and rebooted register unit tests good
RAP station 52 network cable was plugged in on the wrong port, moved over to the right one and the rap station came back in service.
recalibrated touchscreen tested good put back in normal operations
need new web pos payment terminal  288 1076974 send to FedEx garden city next day.
replaced debit reader on SCOT 32
replaced debit reader
clean sensor, reload with add okay, cs mikey
no faults found. unplugged from wall and reseated the plug.  printer powered on and tested well
Cleaned all BNR sensors and verified all belts are aligned. Power cycled BNR and ran CADD. Successfully performed multiple test dispense and deposit of each type of bill with no faults via PML.
replaced debit reader, gvhd set usb port, sco rebooting, advised customer
reseat power cable to reg71 booted and tested
cleared log files errors and verified spoke2 Michael
Troubleshot to bad ATEB  unit,  L2 sending new unit to customer.  L2 said to suspend call.
Replaced ATEB unit and worked with L2 to get system up. All extentions worked.
cleaned dbr chip and card slot with cleaning card. check receipt printer, checked scanner scale and handheld scanner. check security door latch handle.
pen pad not reading chips. replaced pad with part number 2881057002.
Scanner scale not scanning barcodes or displaying weight. Investigated and determined scale connector in wrong port. Plugged into correct port and scale began displaying weight properly. Scanner beeps 3 times when items scanned. Unplugged and plugged back in with no change. I performed a soft reboot on scale, reboot register, double dump reboot all without change. I moved scale to another register and scanner worked. Placed scale back and issue persists. I am suspending task to order replacement scanner scale cable 2881053213
cleaned debit reader
Ordering a new debit reader part number 288-105-7002
Replaced Pin Pad and set up type of connection, called Walmart help desk to set up port as well, tested after ok. Team lead Shantal.
ordering bill acceptor to fedex raynham
got obf ordering another one to fedex raynham
lane 96 inspect found hand scanner not charging,  replace defective part hand scanner tested,  test-ok
replaced hand held cable and tested spoke2 chris
Cleaned and successfully tested printer
Cleaned Card and chip unit.  tested with success
SCO 34 preventative maintenance cleaned entire SCO including bagging area
replaced defective printer cable
register 6 receipt printer is showing failing error. rebooted both register and printer after reseating cable
Complete Task
need a new web pos payment terminal  288 1076974 send to FedEx garden city next day .
replaced debit reader on SCOT 33
contacted support confirmed ncr not responsible for camera system
replaced pharmacy PC
double dumped unit and rebooted. tested and working.
cleaned debit reader
reseat cabling from ss and selected &quot;corrected issue&quot; on error screen. cleaned debris from under and around ss. no resolve. turned off head unit and pulled power from IO board (r6 lite) for 10 min for full power drain. reconnected i/o waited for hardware to initialize, then powered up head unit. once sco back online, tested successfully with no errors.
sco has no power.  store is getting an electrician to repaire wire/breaker panel
resolved scanner issue
ordering cardreader
worked on the broken hand scanner, reset cables, reprogrammed,  rebooted lane...ran tests...up and running
cleaned, reseated cables, tested and working
SUSPENDED FOR MANDATORY BREAK
Replaced then client in Mest Dept. with T430 HP unit.Unit obf.Tried unsuccessfully to flash.Would not find boot device.Level II stated obf.Let Lauren, MOD, know new unit ordered to site 3 to 5 business days gir arrival.
Replaced parts and verified operation.
installed brand new printer.
reseated ebox and io panel cables. reset and test
reset pin pad freezing crowbaring machine up and running tested okay
clean debris out of gsr50 input feeder, pm and test in pml
Register 94 printer ribbon not installed correctly.  Reinstall ribbon correctly and test
reseated debit reader cable and reset selfcheckout reg49
first verified the non connection issue on the back hall manager Workstation, troubleshooting determined that the issue was not with the workstation or the cabling about something to do with a network. Help desk looked at their Network and saw that there was a settings issue which they adjusted. After a restart the workstation came up the way it should, verified and tested with associate Karla. Thanks all!
cleaned and tested
replaced defective debit reader on reg 92, confirmed operational with csm alykhah
error 4&amp;3 penny bin coin jammed in chute, cleared and tested
Bad Imaging Unit has affected printer. Ordering replacement printer, not locally available. ETA pending on part availability.
cleaned debit reader
register 91not endorsing checks.  I double dumped register, tested and verified working
lane down,  card reader issues,  showing alert interruption message,  reset, failed, replaced device,  configured contacted helpdesk,  rebooted lane tested and passed
clear coin jam in coin acceptor and exit chute.
replaced debit reader configured port unit tested good
replaced debit reader
replaced and tested card reader
replaced debit reader and test ok and repaired touch screen in rx pharmacy
calibrated hhs and tested
clean and test
thin client was no an obf. help desk ordered a new one and cleared me to close my call
Cleared bill jam on cash recycler and tested with TL Kat.
ce zerod display
fixed issue with feed, however it is a non ncr printer for future reference.
replace defective printer
need new web pos payment terminal  2881076974 send to FedEx garden city next day.
software problems on payment terminal  only running update. on payment terminal. 106A63 going onsite communicated with support Team.
SCO 6 cash acceptor offline, checked recycler found dirty sensor,  air can module and cleaned
Repair scot 33, reseat cables, reboot, tests ok.
CE arrived to the register with a hand scanner not scanning items. CE reseated connection to every end of the hand scanner and the base, but was unsuccessful. CE then rebooted the lane, and found no further issues once back online.
issue resolved before I arrived
Complete Task
cleaned debit reader
not reading any cards
Hand scanner is dead, reseat battery cable with no success. Ordering a replacement hand scanner
reseated cables and power cycled sco and scanner scale to initialize communications
damaged printer Online Pickup MS811 printer replacement, remove install MS823, unpack install call Level2 to finalize setup, give mac to access, good test remote and local print verified good by TL Sylvia
Complete Task
ordering hdd next day to pittston fedex
replaced HDD
Replaced cash drawer and reset core for sync. Tests all good now with customers
calibrated scale ops check ok
replaced and tested card reader
Register has a bad IO board and needs to be replaced. Debit reader will not  process transactions.
Debit reader was not reading cards.Replaced then set the port .Called walmart helpdesk to configure the port too.Rebooted the SCO then tested with my own card to ensure everything functions properly .It is operational.
Reseated connections to logic and dumped lane. Re-id'd
to site and checked in with TL Martin.  checked in with Pharmacist Robert. checked unit.  unable to duplicate issue. cleaned paper path. called WM HelpDesk and spoke with Dimitri.  accessed error log. error  649.84, stalled motor.  no help. had Associate print large file, no jams. tried 3x. still unable to duplicate issue. checked out with Pharmacist Robert and TL Martin.
Repair scot 35, reseat cable, reset pinpad, tests ok.
clear jam in input chute, clean avalanche sensor and test in pml
reg down,  card reader issues,  showing alert interruption message, replaced device,  rebooted tested and passed
Replaced damaged iPad member services
New PC installation, new serial 2WVM8B3 optiplex 3080, supervisor Minh.
cleared dime from 8 way diverter, tested
Contacted Kiki I upon arrival on SCO 48 Hand held scanner.  Assisted B53
Replaced defective MSR keypad and lock test ok
replaced coil cord to HHS. rebooted, test ok
ce arrived to find reg2 hand held scanner not scanning items and with no beam.  ce reseated battery and allowed to charge.  ce tested and confirmed functionality with manager Meagan
replaced the debit reader on reg 2
Coin hopper had blockage.   Cleaned as required.   Cleaned Eagle as required.   Cleaned cardreader as required.   Rebooted.   Register fully functional
unit 46 secure fascia
sco 55 rap, reseat and reload system to synchronize with other sco and hand held
replaced debit reader
cleaned dbr chip and card slot with cleaning card. check receipt printer, checked scanner scale and handheld scanner. check security door latch handle.
turned over to cabling due to no link lights.  verified with lane 17
reseated thin client with unused one. new thin client ordered by Walmart
Complete Task
adjusted drawer
readjust scanner, tested and working
replaced coin hopper
Debit reader showing wrong screen. Had help desk clear ports and reboot. Sco software froze at add on reboot. Had help desk clear ports and shut down terminal services and reboot again. Unit came up ok, debit reader showing walmart screen now. Chip fail during test transactions. Replaced debit reader, verified comms usb cdc. Had help desk clear ports again. Live debit transaction ok
clear jam and then checked in PML Tested and test was successful
replaced customer display reg 94
replaced thin client on manger office
register 4 allow and lagging. I double dumped lane then tested afterwards. tested good. issue resolved
replaced bnr transport and tested spoke2 edna
Complete Task
reconnected cable to tower. unit is working properly  now
tested terminal and it was moving slowly logging in. after that is started moving along. but when it came to end the transaction unit.
leveled and balanced scanner scale in lane, calibrated and verified, tested, checked out with valencia, lead
Complete Task
arrived on site,  replaced card reader. updated settings,  called the helpdesk and had them adjust port and rebooted lane...ran tests...up and running.
replaced isc250. unit operates normal.
powered off lane reseated cables loose cable on register rebooted lane scanner scale now scans and weighs test transaction for item 4011 successful
calibrated 2 cardinal detecto hanging scales, sn C20016290 AND C20017088.
reset the bnr and tested
No faults found on arrival, tested in PML and confirmed working in live transaction
No faults found on arrival, tested note recycler in PML diagnostic and live transaction passed
printer had faded print. replaced printer. tested and working
reseated cables and tested calibration all working
peinter had faded print. replaced printer.  tested and working
Reset SCO and tested
replaced debit reader and tested ok
cleaned card reader and rebooted carder reader
Verified operation
dime cause damage to gears as well as breaking plastic teeth in Bill guides causing issues replaced cassette and frame then tested. All devices functioning correctly. work verified by team lead Colby
spline faulted, constant red light, replaced and tested, verified good transaction
"What did you see? (What symptoms did you visually identify)
 The Bill Recycler Cash Box Frame was showing an error at the rear sensor.
What did you do? (What actions were taken to confirm the failure)
Put into profile manager and performmed diagnostics. There was an error. 
What do you need? (What part of resource support is needed)
4970522699 Cash Box frame.
Why do you need it? (What is the old part not doing)
 Existing one has error"
I replaced the cash Box frame. It OK
on arrival checked in with Tyler the TL. replaced IO chute. tested BCR, tested good. brought sco back into service. checked out with Tyler the TL.
